<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Stories / Children of the Nameless / 2. Part Two</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1 class="cmp-title">Part Two<br />
				<span>by Brandon Sanderson</span>
			</h1>
			
			<h2>Chapter Six: Davriel</h2>
			
			<p><strong>Davriel felt</strong> he could hear the Bog, despite the distance, as his carriage bumped down the overgrown forest road.</p>
			<p>He’d come to this plane specifically because so many others avoided it. The land had a . . . chill to it. A sense of dread that ran deeper than the unyielding autumn and the watchful trees. It disturbed even the most callous to visit a place where human beings—with loves, lives, families—were often just . . . food.</p>
			<p>What other lands whispered, this one screamed: feelings and aspirations were immaterial. In the grand scheme, your dreams were less important than your duty to reproduce, then become a meal. </p>
			<p>The carriage jostled as it hit one of the many ruts in the road. Miss Highwater cursed softly, then scratched a line through something she’d been writing in her ledger. The girl, Tacenda, sat next to her, clutching her viol. Davriel had pretended to be reluctant in returning it; in truth, he had no idea what he’d do with such a thing. He preferred silence.</p>
			<p>The road crested a rise, and outside moonlight frosted the tops of the trees. A flock of birds—too distant to distinguish the species—broke up into the air as something startled them. They almost seemed to trail wakes through the moonlight, like fish in a current. As if the light were somehow too thick.</p>
			<p><i>It’s out there,</i> Davriel thought. <i>That direction. The cursed Bog.</i> He claimed to be the lord of the Approaches, but the villagers only gave lip service to fealty, and even to religion. The sole thing they really seemed to respect was that watery pit. And whatever lived deep within it.</p>
			<p>The Entity stirred inside him.</p>
			<p><i>No words for me?</i> Davriel thought. <i>Usually, it upsets you when I think of the Bog.</i></p>
			<p>The Entity didn’t speak, not even offering its usual assurance that he would someday wield its power. Something was off about this night. The disappearing villagers. The Bog’s ward. That cold moonlight . . .</p>
			<p>“So,” Miss Highwater said, continuing her interrogation of the girl. Only the three of them rode in the carriage; he’d put Crunchgnar and Brerig in the coachmen’s seat outside. “The first victims were your parents, ten days ago. Your sister escaped and ran to the priory.”</p>
			<p>“Yes,” the girl said. “She was . . . she was training to be a cathar, for the church. When she returned with soldiers and they found my parents, some thought they might have been subject to dustwillow poisoning. That happens sometimes to the farmers, you know. But we couldn’t think why the Man would attack, then <i>poison</i> someone. Then the merchants were taken, three days later, on their way to the priory.”</p>
			<p>“Witnesses?” Miss Highwater asked.</p>
			<p>“A priest saw the attack from the distance,” Tacenda said. “He spoke of seeing the Man of the Manor and terrible green spirits, pulling the souls out of the merchants. After that, we started to stay close to the village, and the prioress promised to send to Thraben for instructions or aid.</p>
			<p>“Others died though—taken by apparitions, which we started to call the Whisperers. Two days ago, my sister fell dead near the farms. Oddly, she didn’t seem . . . frightened, as the others had been. Her face wasn’t frozen in a grimace of fear, at least. Perhaps she was taken by surprise?</p>
			<p>“Anyway, the worst of it happened earlier today. Workers in the fields came running to the village, saying that geists were flowing out of the forest surrounding Verlasen. Mirian—my neighbor—woke me, since I usually sleep until near duskfall. Everyone hid in their homes while I took my spot near the cistern and started singing.”</p>
			<p>“Outside?” Davriel cut in. “They leave you out by yourself, as an offering, all night?”</p>
			<p>“I’m no offering,” the girl said, lifting her chin. “My sister and I were born with the Bog’s blessing—stronger than anyone has ever known it before. My songs protected the village at night.”</p>
			<p>“Isn’t that hard?” Miss Highwater asked. “Singing all night?”</p>
			<p>“I don’t have to go straight through the night, usually,” the girl said. “A song here and there, some humming in between. But . . . today . . .” She looked away. “It didn’t work. The Whisperers entered the village, ignoring my song. I didn’t see whatever it was, but I heard them. Whispering . . .”</p>
			<p>Davriel leaned forward, curious. “Why didn’t anyone flee? Why just hide in their homes? Why not run away?”</p>
			<p>“Run?” The girl laughed an empty laugh. “Where would we <i>go</i>? Starve out in the woods somewhere? Travel at night, trying to get to Thraben, where they’d turn us away? Their merchants and priests might come to the Approaches, but they wouldn’t accept a village full of refugees.”</p>
			<p>“Still, the priory,” Davriel said. “It’s close.”</p>
			<p>“Some of the villagers went to the church in our village. Those who worship the Angel. When she heard of our plight, the prioress had sent priests to protect us with their prayers. But faith didn’t help the ones who hid in the church. Just like it didn’t help my sister.”</p>
			<p>It seemed Tacenda didn’t follow the Angel herself, despite the symbol she wore wrapped around her wrist. Curious. From his first arrival in the Approaches, he’d found it unusual how staunchly the people here resisted the church. The priests of the priory—misguided fools that they were—had a trinket that stilled the souls of any who died there. No geists, no rising corpses, no terrors.</p>
			<p>That should have been enough to earn them converts, but few of the villagers accepted the Angel’s blessed sleep. Instead, they left instructions for their bodies to be returned to the Bog. The cursed thing had its vines wrapped around their hearts.</p>
			<p>“I knew the priests who came to help,” Tacenda said. “The younger one, Ashwin, did a sketch of my sister once. They barricaded themselves with the faithful inside the church. I looked in on them at the end, and found only corpses.”</p>
			<p>Davriel sat back, thoughtful. In the manor, he’d postulated this was the work of some rogue necromancer. But an entire village? Defended by multiple priests with protection wards and banishing talents?</p>
			<p>“Maybe we <i>should</i> have left,” Tacenda said, looking out the window. “Maybe we <i>should</i> have run. But you don’t know how it is, safe up in your rich manor. You don’t know what it’s like to sleep each night with a fervent prayer and an axe set by the door, just in case.</p>
			<p>“This is how we live. There is always a shadow in the forest, with eyes that burn too darkly and teeth that shine too brightly. We’ve lived here for generations, trusting in the Bog’s ward. This is our fate. Hunker in at night and pray for the clouds to pass us by . . .”</p>
			<p>The carriage bumped again, then the wheels clattered on wood as they crossed an old bridge. The carriage lanterns soon revealed a collection of squat homes. Though the buildings huddled in groups, the reinforced doors and thick window shutters made each one look solitary.</p>
			<p>He spotted the first body in the street. A woman lying on her back, arms frozen in a gesture of panic, trying to protect her head. The face was locked in a mask of terror.</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar slowed the carriage. Davriel stepped out into the silent town full of hollow buildings, like broken eggshells. This place, he decided with a shiver, was worse than the forest, where you knew you were being watched. Here . . . well, there was a question.</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar thumped down from the carriage, wearing his full battle gear. Brerig perched on the top of the carriage like a gargoyle, his stunted wings fluttering behind him. Gutmorn and Yledris rounded out his retinue—a brother and sister pair of lightly armored Nightreach demons who landed on a nearby rooftop, their enormous wings settling around them. They were far less human-looking than Crunchgnar or Miss Highwater, with skeletal features and long, goatlike legs.</p>
			<p>If anyone <i>had</i> been alive in the village, they likely would have died of fright from the sudden arrival of his procession. Miss Highwater helped Tacenda from the carriage, then pulled out Davriel’s cloak and mask. She held these toward him, expectantly. He normally wore them in public. Fewer people from off-plane knew the costume than they did his face—and Davriel Cane was, of course, a newer name he’d adopted.</p>
			<p>He threw on the cloak, which had an old shadow charm from his days living among the demons of Vex. When the edges fluttered down, they left faint smudges in the air, like the streaks made by a paintbrush. It was a tad dramatic—but few would ever accuse demons of understatement.</p>
			<p>He left the mask off for now as he knelt beside the body of the frightened woman. He felt at the skin of her face—which had gone cold and stiff—then slipped his hand under her back. The sun had set almost three hours ago, and the attack had occurred just before that, but there wasn’t a hint of warmth. The body heat wouldn’t have faded so quickly on its own, even in a chill environment such as this. That also ruled out something like dustwillow poisoning—it might provoke a catatonic state, but wouldn’t cause the body temperature to plunge so quickly.</p>
			<p>He nodded to himself, working the muscles of her face, then moving one of her arms down. “Definitely not a mere immobilization ward, like I used on you earlier,” he said as Tacenda stepped up beside him. He looked deep into the fallen woman’s eyes, then used a mirror to check for breath. “No sign of life, but also very little pooling of the blood at the back . . . Unnatural chill . . . No sign of puncture wounds from being fed upon . . . Blue around the lips, as you noticed . . . Muscles are taut, but can be posed . . .”</p>
			<p>“So?” Tacenda asked.</p>
			<p>“So, this has been a waste of a trip,” Davriel said, standing up and accepting a washcloth from Miss Highwater for his hands. “It is exactly as I surmised at the manor. Their souls have been evacuated, and the trauma induced their bodies into a form of paralytic suspension.”</p>
			<p>“But what can we do?”</p>
			<p>Davriel handed the towel back to Miss Highwater, who tucked it away, then handed him his walking cane. It had, of course, a sword hidden inside. He turned around, inspecting an entire village full of mausoleums.</p>
			<p>“That depends on who or what is behind this,” he said, gesturing with his cane. “Your average necromancer would want the bodies; that they were left here tells us this wasn’t the work of some common corpsemonger. However, there are varieties of necromancer who build devices using souls as a form of power. And there are many creatures in this land who feed upon souls. Some attack aggressively. Others—like demons—engage in such feasting only as a delicacy, once the soul is won through contract.”</p>
			<p>“I doubt it was demons,” Miss Highwater said, flipping back a few pages in her notebook. “The girl said that many of the doors were still locked. She had to break in and check for survivors. She heard these Whisperers, but couldn’t distinguish the language they spoke.”</p>
			<p>“The Whisperers could pass through walls,” Tacenda said. “But . . . someone was controlling them. Right?”</p>
			<p>“Yes,” Davriel said. “Even if you hadn’t heard footsteps earlier, we could surmise that. The subterfuge using my likeness, the precision strike to excise your sister, then the collected assault . . . Someone <i>is</i> controlling these geists. On their own, they wouldn’t have the presence of mind to act in any coordinated way.” He pointed with his cane. “Take me to one of the locked buildings you opened.”</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar and Brerig joined them—the littler demon holding a lantern for light—while Gutmorn and Yledris took to the air, watching for danger. They all had various claims upon his soul, per the contracts he’d made with them. The terms of each were different, but each shared one important element: their reward was predicated upon him surviving long enough for the deal to be fulfilled. If he died early, they got nothing.</p>
			<p>That was the first rule of demonology: make certain the demon’s incentives align with your own. Though the concept was simple economics, it was so easy to forget.</p>
			<p>They reached a nondescript home with a broken window. The shutters to this one had apparently been unlocked for some reason during the attack, so Tacenda had been able to get in easily by breaking the glass.</p>
			<p>They went in through the door, and there found the bodies of a young family—with two small children—huddled in a variety of states of terrified panic. Davriel handed Miss Highwater his cane, then did a perfunctory check of the bodies, which had the same signs as the first woman. As he worked, Brerig heaved his stumpy body up onto a counter near the stove and began rummaging through the cupboards. He tossed out a few empty jars after sniffing them, then kept rummaging.</p>
			<p>“If it’s here, master,” Brerig said, “I’ll find it.”</p>
			<p><i>He’s . . . looking for tea,</i> Davriel realized. <i>For me.</i> The little demon had a habit of fixating on one thing Davriel said, then trying his hardest to fulfill it. He came out with a jar of what appeared to be dried-up garlic cloves, and obviously couldn’t decide if it was tea or not. Miss Highwater gave him a covert shake of her head, so he tossed it aside.</p>
			<p>Davriel turned back to the investigation. “These were followers of the Bog?”</p>
			<p>“Yes,” Tacenda said, her voice sounding hollow. She carefully tucked a blanket around the smallest of the children, a boy who couldn’t be older than four. His terrified face was frozen mid-scream, eyes open wide, and he was clutching a straw toy for comfort.</p>
			<p>Davriel had been inclined to trust Tacenda’s description that these Whisperers were a form of apparition, but she’d been blind, so it was best to check for himself. The bodies in this home—which had otherwise been locked tightly—seemed proof enough. Whatever had done this <i>could</i> pass through walls.</p>
			<p>Brerig limped over, carrying a pouch that looked promising. Indeed, it had once held tea, judging by the scent.</p>
			<p>“Sorry, Master,” Brerig said, upending the pouch and proving nothing was inside.</p>
			<p>“It’s all right,” Davriel said, standing up and wiping his hands on the cloth Miss Highwater provided.</p>
			<p>“Riddle?” Brerig asked.</p>
			<p>“Go ahead.”</p>
			<p>The little demon scrunched up his face. “Is it air?”</p>
			<p>“That’s actually a good guess,” Davriel said. “But no, it’s not the answer.”</p>
			<p>Brerig smiled, then tucked the pouch into his pocket as he exited. Crunchgnar—who had waited outside during the investigation—thumbed over his shoulder, sending the smaller demon to go watch the horses, which he did without complaint.</p>
			<p>“Honestly,” Miss Highwater said, “I don’t think he ever wants to figure out that riddle.”</p>
			<p>Perhaps she was right; it was criminal how loyal Brerig could be. Davriel stepped back out onto the street, Tacenda following.</p>
			<p>“Well?” she asked. “What now?”</p>
			<p>He pointed with his cane toward the shadow of the small church at the center of town. Crunchgnar led them that direction with his lantern.</p>
			<p>“How much do you know about the Bog’s ward upon you?” Davriel asked Tacenda.</p>
			<p>“All of the Approachers are marked. The Bog’s protection. It’s said that because of it, we don’t suffer nearly as many attacks as we should, living this far away from the rest of society. I don’t know about that. When I was younger, attacks seemed frequent enough. Until I learned to sing.” She looked down. “Before my failure today, I thought it would always be enough. My sight, in exchange for the song . . .”</p>
			<p>“A curious curse,” Davriel said.</p>
			<p>“It’s a reminder,” Tacenda said. “Of what I owe the Bog. Of the debt we all owe to the Bog, for protection.” She seemed to waver as she said it, looking toward an open doorway with bodies inside.</p>
			<p>Well, Davriel supposed he couldn’t blame these people for a little superstition. There <i>was</i> something different about the Approachers. That was the most intriguing part of all this.</p>
			<p>“Something is very odd about these spirits who invaded your town,” Davriel said, gesturing with his cane. “Miss Highwater, would any discerning demon make a deal with an Approacher?”</p>
			<p>She wrinkled her nose. “Of course not.”</p>
			<p>“And why not?”</p>
			<p>“Because they’re claimed already. Everyone knows that. You can <i>smell</i> it on them.”</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar grunted, then nodded. “Like we can tell when a soul is already under contract to another demon. It takes a powerful prize to be worth entering such a bargain.”</p>
			<p>“Thank you for the compliment,” Davriel said. “Miss Verlasen, the mark upon your souls is less a protection, and more a sign of ownership. A claim. Your song functions the same way. It scares off beasts and spirits because they recognize the danger in provoking the Bog. Killing you would be like killing a powerful lord’s hounds. But your song did not help earlier. Ergo . . .”</p>
			<p>Tacenda stopped in the street, her instrument strapped to her back. Though Miss Highwater had given her a handkerchief earlier to clean her face and hands, her peasant’s dress was still ragged and bloodied from where she’d scraped her arm. She gaped at him.</p>
			<p>“Surely,” she said, “you aren’t implying the <i>Bog</i> took them?”</p>
			<p>“It is my leading theory,” Davriel said. “There is another possibility—perhaps these geists were sent by someone powerful enough to ignore the Bog’s claim. Still, I can’t help wondering why your warding did not work. Perhaps the thing that took these souls was made of the same power. While a mouse might fear the cat’s scent, the cat itself won’t even notice it.”</p>
			<p>“The Bog <i>protects</i> us,” Tacenda said. “It demands our souls when we die, but otherwise it wards us and keeps us safe. It couldn’t have been involved.”</p>
			<p>“Possibly,” Davriel said. “I’ve always found it difficult to separate your little cult from the Bog’s actual interventions.”</p>
			<p>“It’s not a cult. This is just . . . the way things are.”</p>
			<p>Davriel glanced through an open doorway into another home, noting a body lying on the floor near the opening. He found himself increasingly annoyed. Not by the deaths—lives began and lives ended. There was no use fretting about every little loss. But these were <i>his</i> peasants. The Bog, or something similar, had taken them in flagrant disregard for Davriel’s authority.</p>
			<p><i>We will become so much more,</i> the Entity said—ever lurking in the back of his mind.</p>
			<p><i>There you are,</i> Davriel thought. <i>Have you been napping?</i></p>
			<p><i>You continue in petty struggles for power and authority,</i> the Entity whispered. <i>You must realize these are meaningless wastes of your potential. Once you use my strength—infuse your spells with my power—you will outgrow all of this.</i></p>
			<p>That was precisely what Davriel feared. Ever since stealing the Entity—pulling it from the mind of a dying man—he had been able to sense its vast potential.</p>
			<p><i>Soon,</i> the Entity said, <i>we will escape this mundanity. Soon . . .</i></p>
			<p>They reached the church, a simple wooden structure with a peaked roof. No grand stained-glass windows, not out here in the Approaches. Just a wide single-story structure filled with pews. Inside, the darkness was complete, as the few windows didn’t allow in much light from the moon.</p>
			<p>The large front doors stood open, and the bar on the inside had been set aside. <i>Curious,</i> Davriel thought, resting his fingers on the engraved wood, noting distinctive scrapes. Those were fresh. Also of note, the door had once borne the symbol of the collar, the sign of the Church of Avacyn the Archangel. That had been sanded off some months ago. In addition, the identical stonework mark once set into the arch had been covered over with plaster.</p>
			<p>“What’s this?” he asked, pointing. “Why did your people remove the symbol?”</p>
			<p>“Well,” Tacenda said, “after that business last year, the prioress decided . . .”</p>
			<p>“Business last year?” Davriel said with a frown. “What business is this?”</p>
			<p>“With the angels?” Tacenda said.</p>
			<p>He shook his head, then glanced at Miss Highwater, who seemed amused. Even Crunchgnar raised an eyebrow.</p>
			<p>“You’re not serious, are you?” Miss Highwater said. “The archangel Avacyn went crazy? As did most of the flights?”</p>
			<p>“What?” he said. “Really?”</p>
			<p>“The angels tried to kill us,” Tacenda said. “They wanted to exterminate humankind for our own good. Even here, away from the main body of the church, we heard about it.”</p>
			<p>“Huh,” Davriel said. “That sounds like a rather large hassle.”</p>
			<p>“Oh, Dav,” Miss Highwater said. “I gave you three briefings on the matter.”</p>
			<p>“Was I listening?”</p>
			<p>“Obviously not.”</p>
			<p>Tacenda, incredulous, waved toward the sky. “The moon? Didn’t you notice the <i>moon</i>?”</p>
			<p>“Oh? Did it try to kill you too?”</p>
			<p>“The symbol?” Tacenda said. “The enormous rune <i>etched into its surface</i>?”</p>
			<p>He stepped back, looking up at it, then cocked his head. “Has that always been there?”</p>
			<p>Tacenda looked at him, incredulous. “How can he be so shrewd, yet so <i>oblivious</i> at the same time?”</p>
			<p>“You ask a question that has tormented me for years, child,” Crunchgnar muttered. “Someday, I will discover his secrets as he screams for mercy, his soul burning in my hearth deep within hell. Then, I will devour his soul.”</p>
			<p>“And I shall endeavor to give you indigestion, Crunchgnar,” Davriel said, squinting at the moon. “You know, I like it. It has style. It’s different.” He held up his hand, making a fist in the air to summon Gutmorn and Yledris.</p>
			<p>They flapped over, landing on the ground nearby with quiet thumps. The two claimed to be brother and sister—created upon the same day—though their faces were so twisted with horns, they <i>also</i> could have been siblings to a particularly aspirational fork, and Davriel wouldn’t have known the difference.</p>
			<p>“Watch the perimeter of the town,” Davriel told them. “I don’t trust this night. The rest of you going to be all right if we step into a church?”</p>
			<p>“I fear not the angels,” Crunchgnar snapped.</p>
			<p>“And I don’t care,” Miss Highwater said. “As long as there aren’t any priests or banishing spells around.”</p>
			<p>Good enough. Davriel strode in.</p>
			
			<h2>Chapter Seven: Tacenda</h2>
			
			<p><strong>Tacenda stopped</strong> in the doorway of the church as Davriel and the demons spread out to investigate.</p>
			<p>She intimately knew the sounds of this place. The way voices echoed in the eaves. The way the small fountain tinkled with the sound of spring water. The prioress had installed that symbol of purity just before Tacenda’s birth—an attempt to represent clean waters to contrast the impurity of the Bog.</p>
			<p>Tacenda had come here with Willia for services, though she’d never herself taken the oath of the Blessed Sleep. The church cared about this true sign of devotion above all others: the promise to have one’s body taken to the priory for burial, rather than accepting entombment in the Bog.</p>
			<p>Tacenda trailed to the front dais and the altar, which had holes for candles and twin poles at the sides. Once those had borne Avacyn’s symbol, the general symbol of the church. Tacenda remembered kneeling here as a child, one hand on each of the poles. Feeling at the cold metal, the cast bronze symbols, while the priests prayed over her in an attempt to heal her from her affliction.</p>
			<p>The symbols of Avacyn had been removed at the prioress’s command. Apparently, everyone in Thraben worshipped a new angel now. But could you really just change your faith? Swap it out like changing shirts? What made this new worship any better? And how long had the old one been flawed?</p>
			<p>Willia wasn’t the only one here who had taken to wearing the symbol of the Nameless Angel instead. A mysterious figure who had granted the Approaches the boon of the Seelenstone, the relic of the priory.</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar poked around inside the building, his motions exaggerated, as if he was trying hard to <i>prove</i> just how unbothered he was to be inside a church. Miss Highwater stayed close to Davriel, who inspected the beam that used to bar the door. Then he turned his attention to the windows, which he opened in turn, looking at the frames.</p>
			<p>Tacenda walked to the bodies, which lay in shadow. Crunchgnar’s solitary lantern left the wide chamber feeling gloomy. Around a dozen people had fallen here, two families’ worth. The faithful among the village, a handful compared to those who had stayed in their homes to instead trust the Bog’s Warding Song.</p>
			<p>With them were the bodies of the priests. There were three: old Gurdenvala was their village priestess, a woman Willia had always called stern. She’d fallen at the altar, holding aloft a symbol of Avacyn—a now-forbidden icon. When danger had come, she’d turned back to her original faith.</p>
			<p>The other two priests had come from the priory to try to help the people in this emergency. Tacenda didn’t know them as well, though the younger one was Ashwin—the priest who had once done a sketch of Willia. His body huddled against the wall, eyes open wide. Tacenda knelt and slipped a sketchpad from the ground beside him, and inside found sketches of people. Priests, villagers, several of the prioress herself.</p>
			<p>The last sketch was a quick drawing of the church from this perspective near the wall: the pews in a line, the front doors wide open and the moon beyond. Standing in the doorway—drawn as quick unfinished outlines—were transparent figures with twisted faces. Ghastly images that reminded her distinctly of what she’d seen earlier at Davriel’s mansion, when the cathar’s spirit had twisted into a fearful geist.</p>
			<p>She shivered at the haunting sketch—rough, but somehow compelling. She could imagine the priest there, huddled in the corner, drawing furiously as the church’s wards and prayers failed. She took the sketchpad to the front of the room, where Davriel and Miss Highwater were again inspecting the front door.</p>
			<p>“What’s this?” Davriel said, stepping over and taking the sketchpad from her. “Too dark. Crunchgnar, would you get on with lighting the lamps in here? I can barely see how ugly you are.”</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar grumbled, but started to do so. Davriel turned the sketchpad toward the light, then nodded. “Makes sense.”</p>
			<p>“What makes sense?” Tacenda said.</p>
			<p>“Miss Highwater,” Davriel said, handing the sketchbook back to Tacenda, “what would you make of this situation?”</p>
			<p>“The church’s wards held for a short time at least,” Miss Highwater said, pointing. “Scratches on the doors and windows, which look distinctly like the marks made by geists trying to claw their way in. They wouldn’t have needed to do so if they could simply pass through these walls, as they did the other homes.”</p>
			<p>“Excellent,” Davriel said. “Miss Verlasen, this is compelling evidence.”</p>
			<p>“Evidence?” Tacenda asked. “Of what?”</p>
			<p>“These Whisperers could not enter the church, at least not at first. The powers of the priests <i>were</i> sufficient to hold them back.”</p>
			<p>Tacenda looked back at the picture of the spirits at the doorway to the church. “You said before that it was possible the geists weren’t affected by my song because they were too powerful. But if the Church’s wards held them back . . .”</p>
			<p>“I doubt something powerful enough to completely ignore the Bog would, in turn, be stopped by the wards of these priests,” Davriel said. “That said, we have proof that the priory’s authority can ward away the Bog’s influence. The claim it can make upon the souls of those buried there, for example.</p>
			<p>“As the Whisperers were unaffected by your song, but were stopped by the priests, I find it increasingly likely that they <i>are</i> from the Bog. In fact, the spirits you heard whispering were likely people from your own village.”</p>
			<p>He strode across the room, cane clicking on the church’s tile floor.</p>
			<p>Tacenda hurried after him. “<i>What?</i>” she demanded. “What do you mean?”</p>
			<p>“The attacks started slowly,” Davriel said. “At first, just two people—your parents—on a trip to the Bog. Then a few more, rising in frequency, until the final attack on the village. Why so many days between the first attacks, then a growing, overwhelming attack at the end?</p>
			<p>“I suspect it was because these ‘Whisperers’ are the very spirits we’re searching for, the disembodied souls of your villagers. The spirits can perpetuate the theft—once a few geists were made, they could be sent to gather others. The multiplicative effect would compound their numbers quite quickly, growing their ranks for larger and more daring attacks.”</p>
			<p>Tacenda froze in place, horrified by the idea—but it made a twisted kind of sense. Her sister’s face . . . it hadn’t been frightened when she was taken. Could it be that she’d somehow <i>recognized</i> the geists coming for her? Could it have been . . . her parents?</p>
			<p>“Miss Highwater,” Davriel said. “Several questions remain. Someone seems to be helping the Bog, as evidenced by the footsteps she heard. This leads us to the answer to how the church was breached. The wards were, after all, holding.”</p>
			<p>“Vampires?” Miss Highwater guessed.</p>
			<p>“An excellent guess.”</p>
			<p>“But wrong?” she asked.</p>
			<p>Davriel smiled.</p>
			<p>“Wait,” Tacenda said. “What is this about vampires?”</p>
			<p>“The door was opened from the inside,” Miss Highwater said, pointing. “The bar was removed willingly, with no signs of a forced entry. Your sketch proves that the spirits entered through the doorway. So someone let them in—that’s why I guessed vampires. A creature who could control the mind of someone inside and get them to open the doors.”</p>
			<p>“And would open doors alone allow spirits to enter a warded church?” Davriel asked.</p>
			<p>“I’m not sure.” Miss Highwater frowned.</p>
			<p>“Beyond that, could an Approacher even <i>be</i> mind-controlled?” Davriel asked. “Have you ever tried to reach into one of their brains? I’ll tell you, it is <i>not</i> a pleasant experience. The Bog’s touch is quite powerful.”</p>
			<p>“So . . .” Tacenda asked. “What happened then?”</p>
			<p>“Check the bodies of the priests,” Davriel said, waving toward the corpses.</p>
			<p>“I just did that,” Tacenda said.</p>
			<p>“Then do a better job this time, Miss Verlasen.”</p>
			<p>She frowned, but walked over and knelt beside the corpse of the young priest. She looked him over, then—timid at first—turned his body. <i>He’s not really dead,</i> she told herself. <i>He’s just sleeping. I’ll save him, like I’ll save Willia.</i></p>
			<p>His body didn’t seem different from any of the others. She moved to the older priest from the priory, who lay on his front, with his head turned to the side. He had the same frozen, glassy expression as everyone else. Tacenda rolled him to the side.</p>
			<p>And found a stab wound in his chest.</p>
			<p>She yelped, letting go, but Miss Highwater took the body and rolled it all the way over. He had been killed with a blade. How had Tacenda not noticed that?</p>
			<p><i>There’s barely any blood on the floor,</i> she thought. It stained the front of his robes, but hadn’t pooled underneath him.</p>
			<p>“His body froze like the others, once his soul was taken,” Miss Highwater said. “Damn it, Dav, how did you know?”</p>
			<p>The Man of the Manor walked past, looking self-satisfied as he began to rummage at the altar.</p>
			<p>“What does it mean?” Tacenda asked.</p>
			<p>“Someone stabbed him, which interrupted his prayer,” Miss Highwater said. “Then that someone opened the doors and let in the Whisperers. There was a traitor in the village.”</p>
			<p>“Yes,” Davriel said. “Do you know exactly who was in this room when they first barred those doors?”</p>
			<p>“No,” Tacenda said. “It was a confusing time, and I was still blind. My eyesight didn’t return until just after dusk.”</p>
			<p>“Might be worth having someone audit the town anyway,” he said. “So we can see if anyone is missing. A task we could perhaps assign the priests of the priory, come morning. Unless . . . Miss Tacenda, your sister is dead, so we can’t interview her. But you said a <i>priest</i> was among those who identified me. Do you know which priest?”</p>
			<p>“Edwin,” Tacenda said. “A younger man. He happened upon you . . . or someone dressed as you, I suppose . . . attacking some local merchants. That was the first time anyone reported seeing geists involved . . .”</p>
			<p>She trailed off. Those were the first attacks after her parents had fallen, and Edwin had reported seeing two geists. It seemed obvious, now that Davriel had pointed it out. Those two had been . . . had been her parents.</p>
			<p>The horror of it suddenly threatened to overwhelm her. She slumped down on the ground beside the stabbed priest, surrounded by corpses. Her parents, her sister, the people of the village—they’d been taken, corrupted, forced to come back and rip out the souls of those they loved. And Davriel said the Bog was involved? That it <i>wanted</i> this for some reason?</p>
			<p>Tacenda had been using a kind of focus to keep herself moving—first, a narrow focus on attacking the Man. Then a focus on trying to save her sister. But if she really stopped to think about how terrible it all was . . .</p>
			<p>She was the village’s last protector. But in the end, she was barely an adolescent, and she had <i>no idea</i> what she was doing. What would she do if the Bog itself was against her? If its gift was useless, what was she?</p>
			<p>She hugged herself, and wished—for once—she had someone to sing to her, as she’d sung to Willia in the night. She wished she could hear that Song of Joy, the one that—moment by moment—she seemed to be forgetting . . .</p>
			<p>“The priest, child,” Davriel said, his voice uncharacteristically soft. “What do you know of him?”</p>
			<p>“Not . . . not much,” Tacenda said, shaking herself. “He’s Approacher born, but trained in Thraben. Surely you don’t think he was involved in this?”</p>
			<p>“They might have opened the church doors here for a priest,” Davriel said.</p>
			<p>“It would explain a lot,” Miss Highwater said. “Someone seems to have gotten through those doors, then stabbed the priest saying the prayers—letting the geists flood in.”</p>
			<p>“I’m making no absolute judgments yet,” Davriel said, still poking around behind the altar. “I have no concrete theories on why a priest would work <i>with</i> the Bog. I can’t even say why the Bog would go about murdering its own worshipers, if indeed that happened.”</p>
			<p>“Then . . . what do we do next?” Tacenda asked, blinking, trying to recapture her focus. She couldn’t think about it all too much, or it would overwhelm her.</p>
			<p>They <i>weren’t</i> dead. Willia <i>wasn’t</i> dead. Focus on that.</p>
			<p>“We need magic that can deal with geists,” Davriel said. “I’d best want a spell to track them. Sometimes if you can isolate a geist, then confront it with something very familiar to it when it was alive—a tool of its trade, perhaps—it will recover enough to answer a few questions. We might also want some magic to stabilize and anchor their forms, forcing them to remain corporeal so they can be resisted physically.”</p>
			<p>“Do you have that kind of magic?” she asked.</p>
			<p>“No,” Davriel said. “Technically, I have few talents of my own.”</p>
			<p>“But—”</p>
			<p>“I can but borrow from others, Miss Verlasen,” Davriel said. “I am an unassuming beggar, a servant of all people.”</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar snorted as he lit another lamp. It still wasn’t very bright in the room.</p>
			<p>“Many people,” Davriel continued, “have some kind of minor talent—a magical knack, an aura of faith, or even some practiced wizardry. They’re truly uninspired in the use of these blessings. I give them a little help.”</p>
			<p>“He does that,” Miss Highwater noted, “by reaching inside their brains and forcibly ripping out their magical abilities, which he then uses as he needs them.”</p>
			<p>“That’s horrible!” Tacenda said.</p>
			<p>“Now now,” Davriel said. “It hurts me almost as much as it does them, especially if the magic I steal is from someone particularly self-righteous. And they recover the talents soon after my intervention, so what is the harm? Aha!”</p>
			<p>He stood up suddenly, holding something aloft.</p>
			<p>“What?” Tacenda asked. “A clue?”</p>
			<p>“Better,” he said, turning around the small jar. “The priestess was hoarding some dustwillow tea.” He unscrewed the lid, then his face fell.</p>
			<p>“Empty?” Tacenda asked.</p>
			<p>“You peasants have been exceptionally lazy these last few weeks,” he said. “Yes, yes. Being murdered by geists and all that. But really . . .”</p>
			<p>A thump sounded outside, and a shadow darkened the front of the church. One of the two flying demons—Tacenda couldn’t tell them apart—ducked into the chamber, holding a spear and speaking with a gravelly voice. “Master. Riders on horseback bearing lanterns have approached the town.”</p>
			<p>“What?” Davriel said. “At this time of night?”</p>
			<p>“They shot at us when they saw us,” the demon said, holding up a wicked crossbow quarrel. “Gutmorn got hit in the leg. He landed on top of a nearby home to recover, but the riders are coming straight this direction. They look like demon hunters.”</p>
			<p>Davriel sighed a loud, deliberate sigh, and shot Tacenda a glare.</p>
			<p>“You can’t <i>possibly</i> blame me for this,” she said.</p>
			<p>“I’ll blame whomever I want,” he snapped. “Yledris, go fetch Brerig and the wagon. See if he can get here before—”</p>
			<p>A crossbow bolt <i>snapped</i> against the wooden door next to Yledris, and shouts rose in the near distance.</p>
			<p>“Or,” Davriel said, “perhaps just bar the door.”</p>
			
			<h2>Chapter Eight: Tacenda</h2>
			
			<p><strong>Tacenda stumbled</strong> back as Crunchgnar roared and slammed the door shut. The tall, thick oak portal rattled as Crunchgnar—with Yledris’s help—rammed the bar into place. Crunchgnar then unhooked a small round shield from his back and slipped a wicked sword from its sheath. Yledris fell in beside him, spear held before her, wings stretching and then settling in a relaxed posture.</p>
			<p>Miss Highwater peeked through a small window beside the doorway—the glass was thick, the opening narrow. “This is novel,” she said. “I’ve never been on <i>this</i> side of a church assault before.”</p>
			<p>Davriel joined her, and Tacenda stepped up, but the window was too narrow for her to get a good view.</p>
			<p>“Lord Greystone!” a woman’s voice shouted from just outside. “Do not pretend to hide! Our scout saw you inspecting your foul handiwork in this poor town. Your hour of reckoning has arrived! No longer will you terrorize the Approaches! Come out and submit to judgment in the name of the Archangel Sigarda and the host of cleansing!”</p>
			<p>“Greystone,” Miss Highwater said. “That’s the alias you give when . . .”</p>
			<p>“. . . I visit the prioress,” Davriel said, his expression darkening. “It grows increasingly obvious that she and I will need to have words. Can you get a count of how many are out there?”</p>
			<p>“There are at least a dozen,” Miss Highwater said. “We shouldn’t have trouble fighting them unless they’ve brought some heavy magics.”</p>
			<p>“Fighting them?” Tacenda said, stretching on her toes, trying to look over Miss Highwater’s shoulder to see out. “There’s no need to fight—just let me talk to them. Once I explain that you didn’t attack my village, they’ll probably want to help us save the people.”</p>
			<p>Davriel and Miss Highwater shared a look.</p>
			<p>“She’s sweet,” Miss Highwater said. “It will be fun watching her get disillusioned.”</p>
			<p>Tacenda blushed. “I’m not naive. But those are good people out there. Heroes. <i>Surely</i> we can talk to them.”</p>
			<p>“There’s no such thing as good people,” Davriel said. “Just incentives and responses.” A bright red light flashed through the window. “Ah! They brought a pyromancer. That might prove convenient. Also, <i>take cover</i>.”</p>
			<p>He turned and ran for the nearby pews, leaping over them with shocking spryness. Miss Highwater followed, and Tacenda gaped for a moment, then ran.</p>
			<p>The door exploded.</p>
			<p>The shock wave slammed Tacenda against a wooden pew.  A spray of burning splinters fluttered through the room, trailing smoke. Crunchgnar bore it without flinching, his shield blocking some of the debris.</p>
			<p>Soldiers bearing the new church symbol—in the shape of a heron’s head—flooded the room. They wore stark white tabards, bound at the waist with thick buckles. Crunchgnar and Yledris engaged them immediately, and though outnumbered, the demons loomed over the smaller humans.</p>
			<p>Davriel dusted some splinters from his clothing, then settled into a chair beside the fountain—one with a view of the fight—and <i>put his feet up</i>.</p>
			<p>Tacenda scrambled over to him, her ears ringing from the explosion. “Aren’t you going to do something? Can’t you freeze them, like you did me?”</p>
			<p>“That spell has faded,” he said. “I’ll need to steal something new before I can intervene in this.”</p>
			<p>A thump sounded outside as the other flying demon—Gutmorn—landed and attacked the soldiers from behind, causing those nearest the door to turn around, shouting. Most of the soldiers were outfitted in similar uniforms, though their leader was obviously that woman with the long black hair and the silver lining to her coat. She edged to the side of the demons, holding a longsword, watching for an opening.</p>
			<p>Beside her, a man in leathers carried a large canister on his back, glowing with a deep red light. Tacenda had never seen anything like it before, but tubes extended from it along his arms, down to his hands. The pyromancer?</p>
			<p><i>I have to do something to stop this,</i> Tacenda thought as Crunchgnar swept a soldier aside with his shield, then hacked at another one—killing the poor woman. The demon took a spear to the side however, and cried out in agony.</p>
			<p>“Stop!” Tacenda shouted, though her voice was lost in the ruckus. “Stop! Let me explain!”</p>
			<p>The woman with the long hair glanced at her, then pointed. “Deal with his thrall.”</p>
			<p>A soldier dashed toward Tacenda. She backed up a few steps, anxious. “Listen to me,” she said. “Lord Davriel didn’t do this. We’re trying to find out what happened. Just listen—”</p>
			<p>The soldier swiped his sword at Tacenda, who scrambled away, climbing back over a pew. “Please,” she said. “Just <i>listen</i>.”</p>
			<p>The man rounded the pews. Nearby, a body went rolling past, thrown by one of the demons. The entire church building was a cacophony of grunting demons, shouting men, and ringing metal. They fought without taking note of the bodies of the villagers on the floor, other than to stumble over them occasionally. It was madness!</p>
			<p>The soldier lunged for Tacenda again, but she stayed among the pews, quicker than he was. He stopped in the aisle, then held his hand to the side, light gathering there. Tacenda froze, worried. Magic?</p>
			<p>The man suddenly screamed, the light in his hand vanishing. He fell to his knees, holding his head in agony.</p>
			<p>“Ah!” Davriel said. “Curious.”</p>
			<p>Tacenda glanced at him, noting the red smoke fading from his eyes. She glanced back at the soldier. Davriel had . . . stolen a spell or talent? From the man’s mind?</p>
			<p>She backed away, stopping near Davriel’s seat.</p>
			<p>“What did you get?” Miss Highwater was asking.</p>
			<p>“A summoning charm,” he said. “Not terribly powerful, but flexible. It brings the most recently touched weapon to hand. I suspect that soldier was summoning a crossbow to deal with Miss Verlasen.”</p>
			<p>Another round of shouts came from the soldiers, who backed away as Yledris took to the air, sweeping about with her spear. Three men with crossbows, however, launched a row of bolts with strange chains on them, meant to damage wings. That dropped Yledris back to the ground, where men came at her long goatlike legs with axes.</p>
			<p>Davriel narrowed his eyes, then pointed at one of the men, who stumbled and screamed, holding his head. Gutmorn pushed into the room and speared the man through the neck.</p>
			<p>Tacenda turned aside, wincing. “We shouldn’t have to do this,” she said. “They’re on <i>our side</i>.”</p>
			<p>“They’ve seen demons, child,” Davriel said. “They won’t talk or listen now.”</p>
			<p>“They’re <i>good people</i>.” As he started to respond, she cut him off. “There <i>is</i> such a thing. I’ve known many a good and humble person.”</p>
			<p>“Products of social conditioning and moral incentives,” Davriel said absently. He pointed again, and another man screamed.</p>
			<p>“Anything good?” Miss Highwater asked.</p>
			<p>“No,” Davriel said. “The minds of these are about as useful as bent spoons.” Davriel eyed the man with the fire machinery, then pointed directly at him. Nothing seemed to happen though, and Davriel grunted.</p>
			<p>“What?” Miss Highwater asked.</p>
			<p>“He’s got wards upon his mind,” Davriel said, frowning. “Ones that seem specifically intended to block me.”</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar roared as he took a hit to the back, and dark blood poured down his leather armor. Most of the soldiers still fought in this open space at the rear of the room, between the doors and the pews, where the three demons fought with increasing desperation as they were surrounded.</p>
			<p>“They’re being hurt,” Tacenda said. “The soldiers are killing them!”</p>
			<p>“Yes, that’s <i>literally</i> why I keep them around,” Davriel said. He stood up and pointed once more at the man with the pyromancy gear, but again nothing seemed to happen.</p>
			<p>“Can you even steal anything from him?” Tacenda asked. “He’s using machinery.”</p>
			<p>“He’s augmenting with geistflame, but he’ll have innate power to control and maybe ignite the fire,” Davriel said. “My best chance will be right at the moment of ignition . . .”</p>
			<p>“Dav,” Miss Highwater said. “There at the back, near the doors. Do you see that bearded man?”</p>
			<p>Tacenda squinted, picking out a man who had entered the church behind the fighting, then set an enormous tome on the floor before him. “That one is called Gutmorn,” the old man shouted, his voice carrying over the fray. “The winged one with the wounded leg. He is a demon of the Devrik Depths! Feaster upon souls, tormentor of the seven princes!”</p>
			<p>“They brought a church diabolist,” Davriel said. “How cute.”</p>
			<p>“Hell,” Miss Highwater said. “Somebody kill him. Crunchgnar! Stab that bearded guy!”</p>
			<p>But Crunchgnar was flagging. Fully half of the soldiers were down, but he’d been cut up badly. The other two demons put their backs to one another, lashing out with spears, but they too were slowing. Bleeding dark blood on the floor.</p>
			<p>“That is Yledris Bloodslave!” the old man shouted. “The other winged demon, also from the Devrik Depths. They are not immune to fire, Grart! The tome is certain!”</p>
			<p>So much death. So much pain. Again, it threatened to overwhelm her. Uncertain what else to do, Tacenda stepped forward, and found herself humming. Maybe . . . maybe it would help? To sing?</p>
			<p>“You’ll just see them dead if you do that,” Davriel said. “Your ward will stun the demons and let the soldiers finish them off. A demon has no soul; destroy it, and it is gone forever.”</p>
			<p>Tacenda hesitated. Surely there was a way to stop this. Surely there was a way to make them—</p>
			<p>Hands seized her from the side and shoved her to the ground. She gasped—she’d been so focused on the demons, she hadn’t seen the woman with the long hair, who had snuck up along the pews. Dazed, Tacenda rolled over as the woman thrust her hands toward Davriel, her eyes glowing, a powerful blue and white light forming in front of her.</p>
			<p>Davriel shoved Miss Highwater aside. A blast of light exploded from the demon hunter and washed over him, like a column of purity, tinged faintly blue.</p>
			<p>“And now you shall finally rest, immortal monster!” the woman shouted.</p>
			<p>The light faded, leaving Davriel standing there in his puffy shirt, purple cravat, and long cloak. He blinked several times, his eyes watering. “Well, that was unpleasant.”</p>
			<p>The woman gaped, lowering her hands.</p>
			<p>“Unfortunately for you,” he said, “I’m quite human.”</p>
			<p>“There!” said the old man with the book, pointing toward Miss Highwater, who’d stumbled and fallen as Davriel had shoved her out of the way. “Do not ignore the demon that has the form of a comely woman! That is Voluptara, Feaster of Men! Known as one of the most dangerous and wily of demons of the Nexrix Flame Expanse!”</p>
			<p>Tacenda blinked, sitting up. “Vol . . . <i>Voluptara</i>?”</p>
			<p>“Oh, hell,” Miss Highwater said. “He found it.”</p>
			<p>A roaring heat came from behind Tacenda, and she turned, scrambling to her feet. The man in red—finally in the right position to not hit any of his friends—had come alight with fire. He cackled, launching a blaze from his tubed hands.</p>
			<p>It engulfed Yledris completely. A terrible, raging inferno jet that—when it finally faded—left only bones and some buckles. Gutmorn screamed in agony, a shockingly human sound, while the remaining soldiers cheered.</p>
			<p>Their leader turned back to face Davriel again and raised her hands to summon her light, as if to try to prove to herself that it <i>would</i> work this time.</p>
			<p>“I believe,” Davriel said, “that is enough.”</p>
			<p>He pointed, stabbing his fingers toward the lead woman. Her light went out and she screamed, falling to her knees. Again, Tacenda noted that Davriel himself winced in pain as he stole the woman’s power—as if he shared in her agony.</p>
			<p>Davriel dealt with the pain far better than the woman. He kicked her aside, and Miss Highwater leaped forward, producing a knife from her belt. She dealt with the unfortunate woman, and Davriel picked his way toward the demons.</p>
			<p>Another soldier came for Davriel, but he snapped his fingers—red smoke clouding his eyes—and his cane appeared in his hand.</p>
			<p><i>The summoning spell,</i> Tacenda thought, backing away. <i>The one that brings him a weapon.</i> He’d summoned the cane from where he’d left it beside the altar. With a smooth motion, Davriel whipped the sheath off, revealing a long slender blade inside.</p>
			<p>The soldier stabbed at Davriel, who didn’t dodge, but instead lunged forward in a dueling stance, driving his sword straight through the soldier’s neck. The man scored a hit on Davriel, stabbing him through the side—but Davriel didn’t seem to mind. He slid his sword from the man’s neck as he stumbled and died.</p>
			<p>The pyromancer roared, turning his weapon on Davriel. But the lord seemed to have been waiting for this—for as the pyromancer focused on charging up his flames, Davriel stabbed his fingers at the man.</p>
			<p>The fire went out, and the man stumbled as if he’d been punched. Then he looked befuddled as he inspected his tubes. A second later, a blast of flame from Davriel’s hand vaporized him, along with a large swath of pews behind.</p>
			<p>The remaining three soldiers had seen enough. They scrambled away out the door, leaving a bleeding Crunchgnar and Gutmorn among the corpses. The demons sagged under the weight of their wounds, sighing. That left only the old man with his tome, who was still kneeling on the floor, frantically flipping pages. He slowed as he looked up and found Davriel standing above him.</p>
			<p>The church had again become quiet. Silent, save for the crackling of flames from burning pews. Davriel loomed over the old man, then rubbed his fingers together, causing a small flame to rise between them.</p>
			<p>Tacenda gasped, then dashed across the room and grabbed Davriel by the arm. “No,” she said. “Just let him go.”</p>
			<p>Davriel didn’t respond. His eyes clouded red, with no pupils, and he seemed a demon himself standing there.</p>
			<p>“What do you gain by killing him?” Tacenda asked.</p>
			<p>“His words cost me a valuable servant,” Davriel said. “I’m simply . . . responding to incentives. Let’s see if you have any useful talents, old man.”</p>
			<p>He stabbed his fingers forward, and the old man screamed, holding his head. This time, Davriel didn’t so much as flinch. But he also <i>held</i> the moment, as if continuing to invade the man’s mind, driving the pain deeper and deeper. The old man writhed in agony.</p>
			<p>“Please,” Tacenda said. “<i>Please.</i>”</p>
			<p>Davriel glanced at her, held for a moment, his eyes clouding a deep grey-black. Then he snapped his fingers.</p>
			<p>The old man collapsed, groaning, but his immediate pain seemed to have ended.</p>
			<p>Davriel picked up the old tome and handed it to Miss Highwater, who was tucking away her knife. The old man managed to climb to his feet, and Davriel didn’t do anything to prevent him from fleeing out the door.</p>
			
			<h2>Chapter Nine: Tacenda</h2>
			
			<p><strong>Tacenda forced</strong> herself to keep moving, to try not to think too hard about what had happened. She instead decided to check on the bodies of the villagers and the priests, while the demons nursed their wounds at the front of the old church.</p>
			<p>Still, she couldn’t keep herself from glancing at the bodies of the fallen soldiers, and each time she did, she felt sick. She was accustomed to the hardships of life in the Approaches, but there was something disturbingly brutal about these corpses. Men and women slain in battle.</p>
			<p>How many horrors could she witness in one night before she collapsed beneath it all?</p>
			<p><i>Just keep going. Help those you can,</i> she thought, rolling over Ulric the cobbler and settling him beside his family. <i>Don’t think about how, under any other circumstances, you’d have hailed the demon hunters as heroes . . .</i></p>
			<p>She squeezed her eyes shut, and took a few long, deep breaths. She would keep going. She had to. She was the village’s protector. She’d been <i>chosen</i> for this.</p>
			<p>She opened her eyes and sat back on the hardwood floor. So far as she could tell, none of the comatose villagers had been harmed during the skirmish. The closest any had come to danger was when Davriel had unleashed his stolen pyromancy. She’d used Ulric’s cloak to beat out the flames nearby.</p>
			<p>Nearby, Gutmorn limped through the ashes, his leg wrapped in a bandage. The lanky demon knelt down, tenderly lifting something from the black char—a horned demonic skull. Ash flaked from it as Gutmorn lifted it to his face, and a low groan escaped his throat. An anguished, raw sound. His terrible eyes closed, his head rested lightly against the skull, and his posture crumpled into a stoop.</p>
			<p>Tacenda could almost see humanity in the poor thing.</p>
			<p>“Gutmorn,” Davriel said from the front of the church, “your leg wound is bleeding through that bandage. The cut is deeper than you indicated.”</p>
			<p>The demon didn’t stir.</p>
			<p>“Return to the manor,” Davriel said. “Get that wound sewn up and warn Grindelin that some of the hunters escaped us. They could decide to look for easy pickings at the manor.”</p>
			<p>Gutmorn stood up. Wordlessly—still cradling the skull—he limped from the broken church. Miss Highwater reached up and rested a hand on his shoulder as he passed, and though the taller demon didn’t look at her, he did hesitate beside her.</p>
			<p>Tacenda felt as if she were intruding on a personal moment where she didn’t belong.</p>
			<p>Gutmorn finally vanished out into the night, and the sound of beating wings announced his withdrawal. Davriel strode through the room and inspected Crunchgnar. The burly, flightless demon was carefully wrapping his forearm in a bandage. He’d taken far more punishment than Gutmorn, but seemed indifferent to his wounds.</p>
			<p>“Don’t even think about sending me away,” he growled at Davriel. “I’ll heal this up within the hour, and I won’t leave you alone. You’ll end up getting killed early and breaking our contract.”</p>
			<p>“Alas, you’ve caught me in my design,” Davriel said. “It has forever been my intent to seek suicide merely as a means of inconveniencing you.”</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar growled, as if believing it to be true.</p>
			<p>“So far,” Davriel added, “the noxious air of your presence has not been enough to do me in, but I am nothing if not determined, so I shall find another method.” He turned toward Tacenda. “Do you require more time for recovery, Miss Verlasen?”</p>
			<p>“I’m fine,” she lied, standing up.</p>
			<p>“You wouldn’t be with us if that were true,” Davriel said, then pointed into the night with his cane. “But let us be off. There is no more to learn from the dead. At least, not the kind who cannot speak.”</p>
			<p>They struck out into the night, Miss Highwater carrying the lanterns. Davriel’s former reluctance appeared to have vanished. Indeed, as he led the way through the village back toward their carriage, his gentleman’s sword-cane rapped the ground with a vigor that Tacenda might have considered <i>eager</i> in someone else.</p>
			<p>“Where now?” she asked him.</p>
			<p>“Those men obviously came through the priory on their way here,” Davriel said. “Some had wards on their minds to protect against my talents. I was already intent upon visiting the priory—both to ask after this priest who claims to have seen me, and to see the prioress. She has magical talents that help in interacting with spirits. The arrival of these hunters reinforces my decision. The prioress has several questions she must answer.”</p>
			<p>“You . . . aren’t going to kill her, are you?”</p>
			<p>“I think it shall depend greatly upon her responses.”</p>
			<p>He slowed in the night, and Tacenda drew up beside him, confused—until she saw the carriage ahead. Or, more accurately, the gruesome figure beside it. Poor Brerig—the small, simple-minded demon—had been discovered by the hunters, likely before their assault upon the church. His deformed corpse had been nailed to a nearby door, his head removed and placed beside the flickering lantern on the ground. The mouth had been stuffed with what appeared to be garlic.</p>
			<p>Davriel didn’t make a noise, though his hand upon the knob of his cane tightened until it trembled, the knuckles white.</p>
			<p>“These,” he said softly, “are your ‘good people,’ Miss Verlasen. Would that both gods above and demons below could protect me from <i>good people</i>. A man dubbed evil will take your purse, but a so-called ‘good man’ will not be content until he has ripped out your very heart.”</p>
			<p>She stepped back. There was no threat to his voice—indeed, he spoke with the same lighthearted tone as ever. And yet . . .</p>
			<p>And <i>yet</i>.</p>
			<p>Since their strange meeting, she had lost most of her fear of him—until that moment. Standing on the roadway, the light of the lanterns somehow failing to reach his face. In that moment, he seemed to become shadow itself, so cold as to smother all warmth. Then he spun, strange cloak fluttering around him, and stalked to the carriage, its horses—fortunately—neither accosted nor stolen.</p>
			<p>Tacenda followed, hesitant, shooting one last glance at Brerig’s corpse. She would bury it, she decided, once her village had been rescued. The small demon had been kind to her. Certainly, he hadn’t deserved such a fate.</p>
			<p><i>Hadn’t he, though?</i> she thought, climbing into the carriage. <i>He was a demon. Who knows what horrors he committed over the course of his life?</i></p>
			<p>She didn’t know, and neither had the hunters. Perhaps that was what left her so uncomfortable. But what were they supposed to do? Ask a demon to list his crimes before destroying him? In this land, you didn’t have time for such niceties. If you didn’t strike quickly, the things that moved in the forest would claim your life before you had a chance to speak.</p>
			<p>And thus, the night made monsters of them all.</p>
			<p>Crunchgnar was already looking better. He took the driver’s seat, causing the carriage to groan beneath his weight as he settled in. Miss Highwater again sat inside the carriage, a small lantern hanging beside her head giving light as she opened her notebook ledger and started writing.</p>
			<p>Tacenda climbed in last, checking on her viol, which she’d left on the seat. The carriage lurched into motion, and Tacenda found the following silence overpowering. She searched for something to say, and blurted out the first thing that came to her—though upon reflection it might not have been a wise choice.</p>
			<p>“So,” she said. “Voluptara?”</p>
			<p>Miss Highwater paused in her writing, and Davriel—sitting on the seat beside Tacenda—chuckled softly.</p>
			<p>“You heard that, did you?” Miss Highwater asked.</p>
			<p>“They name themselves,” Davriel said, leaning toward Tacenda. “If you couldn’t guess that from ‘Crunchgnar’ and his fine, <i>extremely</i> creative moniker.”</p>
			<p>“I was young,” Miss Highwater said. “It sounded impressive.”</p>
			<p>“To a sixteen-year-old boy, perhaps,” Davriel said.</p>
			<p>“Which was <i>exactly the point.</i> Remember, I was only twelve days old. I’d like to have seen you do better.”</p>
			<p>“Sulterix,” Davriel said idly. “Lusciousori.”</p>
			<p>“Can we stop the carriage?” Miss Highwater said. “I need to go find that demonologist and nail his tongue to something.”</p>
			<p>“Bosomheavia—”</p>
			<p>“Oh stop,” Miss Highwater interrupted. “You’re making the child blush. Look, why don’t you tell me the answer to Brerig’s riddle? The devils have a betting pool going.”</p>
			<p>“Oh, that?” Davriel said. “It was a specific rock I saw once in Cabralin, shaped like a gourd.”</p>
			<p>“That’s . . . oddly disappointing,” Miss Highwater said. “How would he ever have guessed that?”</p>
			<p>“He couldn’t have, which is rather the point.” Davriel eyed Tacenda, and her confusion must have been obvious, for he continued. “Each of the demons has a contract with me, and the one whose conditions are fulfilled first gets claim upon my soul. Crunchgnar, for example, earns my soul only if I live until sixty-five without dying.”</p>
			<p>“Which is clever,” Miss Highwater said, “because it gives Crunchgnar ample reason to protect him.”</p>
			<p>“Brerig got to claim my soul if he answered the riddle I gave him,” Davriel said. “He didn’t place stipulations on what the riddle could be, unfortunately for him.”</p>
			<p>“I still think that was intentional,” Miss Highwater said. “He was always happiest when he had a master to serve long-term. It gave him purpose.”</p>
			<p>“The riddle,” Davriel said. “Was ‘What am I thinking of right now?’”</p>
			<p>“That’s . . . not a riddle,” Tacenda said.</p>
			<p>“He accepted it as one,” Davriel said. “So it satisfied the contract.”</p>
			<p>“But there are no clues!” Tacenda said. “There isn’t even any context! It could be literally anything. Or, technically, <i>nothing</i>. And you could just change the answer if he <i>happened</i> to guess right!”</p>
			<p>“That, at least, he couldn’t do,” Miss Highwater said. “Davriel had to write the answer on the contract before burning it to seal the pact. Anyone else summoning the contract to read would find that spot indecipherable—but if Brerig guessed right, he’d have instantly known. That said, he only got five official guesses a day. And, of course, Davriel picked something virtually impossible to get right.” She shook her head.</p>
			<p>“You were pulling for him, weren’t you?” Davriel said, amused. He didn’t seem to care at all that they were discussing the fate of his soul.</p>
			<p>“It would have been hilarious if Brerig had somehow guessed,” she replied. “I’d have liked to see Crunchgnar’s reaction. You know, I half expected you to give the answer to Brerig the day before your sixty-fifth birthday, just to make Crunchgnar explode in frustration.”</p>
			<p>“Ah?” Davriel said, then spoke very softly, glancing upward toward the driver’s position of the carriage. “My dear, do you really think that I’d sign a contract that gave <i>Crunchgnar</i> a chance at my soul, even if I did reach sixty-five?”</p>
			<p>“I’ve read the contract,” Miss Highwater said. “It’s airtight. The definitions are specific. The contract spends two pages on defining times, measures, and ages! You . . .”</p>
			<p>She trailed off as Davriel settled back, smiling.</p>
			<p>“How?” she hissed. “How did you trick him?”</p>
			<p>“He gets my soul,” Davriel whispered, “if I live to sixty-five without dying.”</p>
			<p>“Ah, hell . . .” Miss Highwater said, her eyes widening. “You’ve died once already, haven’t you? How?”</p>
			<p>Davriel just continued to smile.</p>
			<p>“All that talk of times and measures in the contract,” Miss Highwater said, “it was just a distraction, wasn’t it? I never realized . . . <i>Hellfire</i>! And they call <i>us</i> demons.”</p>
			<p>Tacenda looked from one to the other as the carriage bounced over a bridge. What a bizarre conversation. “So . . .” she said, frowning. “What’s your stipulation, Miss Highwater?”</p>
			<p>“Hm?” she said, turning back to her ledger. “Oh, I can claim Davriel’s soul once I manage to seduce him.”</p>
			<p>Tacenda felt a spike of surprise, then blushed furiously. She clutched her viol, then looked from Davriel to Miss Highwater. Neither seemed the least bit bothered by the idea.</p>
			<p>“He’s quite stubborn,” Miss Highwater continued. “I assumed I’d have his soul in under a day. Yet here I am, four years later. Doing his ledgers.”</p>
			<p>“Perhaps I just don’t like women,” Davriel said lightly.</p>
			<p>“Please. You think I’m that oblivious?” She stabbed her ledger with a particularly sharp punctuation mark, then looked up. “You are something else entirely.”</p>
			<p>“Have you considered that perhaps you just aren’t as attractive as you’ve always assumed?” Davriel said.</p>
			<p>“I’ve claimed plenty of souls using this exact contractual stipulation. Both men and women.”</p>
			<p>“And it was <i>so kind</i> of them to take pity on you,” Davriel said. “Really, they should be congratulated for bolstering your self-esteem by seeing the true beauty inside of you. Commendable people, every one.”</p>
			<p>Miss Highwater sighed, glancing at Tacenda. “You see what I have to put up with?”</p>
			<p>Tacenda lowered her head in an attempt to hide her deep blush.</p>
			<p>“Look what you’ve gone and done,” Miss Highwater said to Davriel. “Scandalizing the poor thing.”</p>
			<p>“You . . .” Tacenda said. “You really . . . I mean . . .”</p>
			<p>“It’s not the only way I can claim souls,” Miss Highwater said. “But it’s worked well for me in the past. And, I’ll admit, it’s kind of <i>expected</i> of me at this point. I wasn’t at all surprised when Davriel suggested it during the summoning and binding process. More, I was interested that a person who already had a contract on their soul would dare try to make another. Davriel is a special case though. He’s very persuasive. Infuriatingly so.”</p>
			<p>“But . . . earlier, you were so embarrassed by your name . . .”</p>
			<p>“Because it’s silly. It doesn’t mean I’m embarrassed of who I am.” She eyed Davriel. “I’m just rusty, that’s all. I spent years trapped in that stupid silver prison.”</p>
			<p>“You could have practiced your arts of seduction on the other demons,” Davriel noted.</p>
			<p>“Please, have you <i>seen</i> what most of them look like?” She looked at Tacenda again, who couldn’t believe this conversation was <i>still</i> going on. “Crunchgnar is comparatively good looking for a demon, child. Trust me. Some of the others have hooks for hands. <i>Literal</i> hooks.”</p>
			<p>“I’ve always wondered about that,” Davriel said. “Seems terribly impractical. ‘Thornbrak, will you pass me that pitcher of human blood? Oh wait, I forgot. You lack opposable thumbs. Or <i>fingers</i>.’”</p>
			<p>They let the conversation die off finally, Miss Highwater returning to writing. A quick glance showed she was writing down what they’d discovered at the village.</p>
			<p><i>Geists created from the souls of the people. Returned to attack their friends and family, so they’re quite far gone.</i></p>
			<p><i>Traitor likely involved, killing the priest who was protecting the church. Check to see if any bodies are missing from the village?</i></p>
			<p><i>Bog seems likely involved. What is it, truly?</i></p>
			<p><i>Someone—likely the traitor—was at the village physically earlier today. Tacenda heard footsteps. Why didn’t they strike her down?</i></p>
			<p>Tacenda determined not to break the silence with another stupid question. She instead drew up the window shade and watched the dark forest outside.</p>
			<p>A fancy scholar from Thraben had once come to draw maps of the Approaches. He’d tried to name the forests closest to them “the Verlasen Wood,” but they’d forced him to cross it out. The woods weren’t theirs. Nobody could own these woods.</p>
			<p>“The soldiers shouldn’t have killed Brerig,” Tacenda said softly. “Maybe we humans have been hunted for so long, we’ve learned how to survive at the expense of remembering what it means to <i>be</i> human. To be just and good.”</p>
			<p>Davriel snorted. “‘Being good’ is simply a method used to signal that one is willing to conform to societal norms. Agreement with the crowd. Look at any history book, and you’ll discover that the threshold for acceptable conformation varies widely depending on the group.”</p>
			<p>“You said yourself that stealing the talents of good people is harder for you,” Tacenda said. “So goodness must exist.”</p>
			<p>“I <i>said</i> that it is more painful for me to use talents leeched from people who view themselves as pure. Which is a different thing entirely.”</p>
			<p>“I knew good people,” Tacenda said softly. “In the village.”</p>
			<p>“The same village that locked you outside at night?” Davriel said. “Leaving a child to face the horrors of the forest alone?”</p>
			<p>“It was my fate,” Tacenda said. “I was chosen by the Bog, and I have to follow my destiny.”</p>
			<p>“Destiny?” Davriel said. “You need to learn to abandon this nonsense, child. You people put too much stock in fate—you must choose your own path, make your own destiny. Stand up and seize life!”</p>
			<p>“Stand up?” Tacenda said. “Seize life? Like <i>you</i> do, sitting alone in your manor? Seizing the occasional nap?”</p>
			<p>Miss Highwater stifled a laugh at that, earning her a glare from Davriel. He looked back at Tacenda. “Sometimes, the most ‘honorable’ choice a man can make is to do nothing at all.”</p>
			<p>“That’s contradictory,” Tacenda said. “You want to justify being impassive while better people die. You want to pretend that nobody is good so that <i>you</i> don’t feel guilty for ignoring their pain. You—”</p>
			<p>“That will be enough, child,” he said.</p>
			<p>She turned away from him, looking out the window once more. But he <i>was</i> wrong. She had known people who were good. Her parents, and their simple love of making clothing. Willia, who had been determined to learn how to force back the darkness—so it could never make anyone frightened again.</p>
			<p>One way or another, tonight Tacenda would see Willia—and the others—restored.</p>
			
			<h2>Chapter Ten: Davriel</h2>
			
			<p><strong>According to</strong> Davriel’s pocket watch, it was almost two in the morning by the time they turned onto the last road, approaching the priory. Davriel had expected the girl to doze off at some point during the ride, but she continued staring out at the trees and the patterns of shadow made by their passing.</p>
			<p>Of course, spending the ride in silence didn’t mean that Davriel was left alone.</p>
			<p><i>We cannot hide for much longer,</i> the Entity said. <i>We need to prepare for what to do when we are discovered.</i></p>
			<p><i>You’ve been saying that for months now,</i> Davriel replied in his mind. <i>And lo, here we are. Still safe. Still alone.</i></p>
			<p><i>They hunt you. They will find your hiding place.</i></p>
			<p><i>Then I will seek out another.</i></p>
			<p>Davriel could feel the Entity stirring inside his mind. Davriel smelled smoke, and his vision faded. The Entity was playing with his senses again.</p>
			<p><i>Do you not remember the thrill, the glory of conquest?</i> it said. <i>Do you not remember the</i> power <i>of that day?</i></p>
			<p><i>I remember,</i> Davriel replied, smoke thick in his nostrils, <i>realizing that I’d drawn too much attention. That the strength I had, no matter how glorious, wouldn’t be enough. That the ones who wished to claim you would defeat me easily if I stood alone before them.</i></p>
			<p><i>Yes,</i> the Entity said. <i>Yes, there was . . . wisdom in that realization.</i></p>
			<p>Davriel cocked his head, then banished the Entity’s touches upon his senses. <i>What?</i> he thought at it. <i>You agree that I shouldn’t have used you further at that moment?</i></p>
			<p><i>Yes,</i> the Entity said. <i>Yes.</i></p>
			<p>Odd. The Entity normally wanted him to draw upon it, use it for its true purpose—as a vast reservoir to power his spells. With the Entity, he could make his stolen abilities last <i>weeks</i> under constant use. As it was, spells he stole from the minds of others usually faded a few hours after he first employed them. Some lasted longer, and others vanished after a few minutes, particularly if he’d been holding them for a while before their first use.</p>
			<p><i>You are not yet ready,</i> the Entity said. <i>I saw that. I have been working on a solution. The multiverse boils in your absence. Forces clash, and the boundaries between planes tremble. Eventually, the conflict</i> will <i>find you. I will have you ready and prepared. Ready to rise up, and claim the position that is rightfully yours . . .</i></p>
			<p>It fell silent, and didn’t respond as he prodded it. What was it planning? Or were these just more idle promises and threats?</p>
			<p>Feeling chilled by the conversation, Davriel turned his attention to the task at hand. He’d stolen several abilities from the hunters at the church. Though—even as he considered them—it was difficult not to notice how they seemed so insignificant compared to the power of the Entity.</p>
			<p>Never mind that. From the leader of the hunters, he’d stolen a very interesting banishing spell. It was strong, but—as proven by her attempt to use it on him—it couldn’t affect a human. He could use it to dismiss a creature of magic, like a geist or even an angel, though the effects would be temporary. </p>
			<p>The pyromancy, of course, would also prove useful—though now that he’d used it once, its strength would fade until it left him entirely. He’d hoped for something useful in the mind of the old diabolist, but the only talent he’d found in that man’s skull was a scribe’s inkspell—for making words appear on a surface as you imagined them. Hardly much use in combat. Though, he also still had the weapon-summoning spell. That would linger, like the pyromancy, for a few hours.</p>
			<p>Not a particularly powerful arsenal, but he had survived with less—and he should add the prioress’s talents soon enough. Indeed, light from ahead on the old forest roadway indicated they were near. Tacenda perked up in her seat. She was a tough one, though that was not uncommon for these Approachers. As hardy as rocks and as stubborn as boars—with roughly as much sense as either. Otherwise, they’d have found somewhere else to live.</p>
			<p><i>Of course,</i> Davriel thought idly to himself, <i>what does that say about me, a man who came to live here—of all places—on a whim?</i></p>
			<p><i>You didn’t come on a whim,</i> the Entity told him. <i>I brought you here deliberately.</i></p>
			<p>Davriel felt a sudden spike of alarm. He sat up straight, causing Miss Highwater—on the seat across from him—to snap her ledger closed and come alert.</p>
			<p><i>What?</i> Davriel demanded. <i>What did you just say?</i></p>
			<p>The Entity settled down again, quieting.</p>
			<p><i>You didn’t bring me here,</i> Davriel thought at it. <i>I came to Innistrad of my own will. Because of this plane’s demonic population.</i></p>
			<p>Again, the Entity said nothing. Miss Highwater looked about, trying to figure out what had concerned him. Davriel forced himself to paste an unconcerned expression on his face. Surely . . . surely the Entity was merely taunting him.</p>
			<p>And yet, he had never known it to say anything that—at the very least—it didn’t <i>believe</i> was true.</p>
			<p>The carriage slowed as it approached the lights—two massive glass-covered lanterns, burning oil. Fire: the universal sign that civilization lay beyond.</p>
			<p>“Ho, the carriage!” a friendly voice called.</p>
			<p>Tacenda perked up. “I know that man, Davriel. It’s Rom. He’s—”</p>
			<p>“I’m familiar with him,” Davriel said. “Thank you.”</p>
			<p>Miss Highwater drew up the window shade, revealing the old monk as he stepped up beside the vehicle.</p>
			<p>Rom performed a bow—a little unsteady on his feet—for Davriel. “The Man himself! Lord Davriel Greystone! I suppose we should have been expectin’ to see you tonight.”</p>
			<p>“My visit became inevitable once those hunters were sent my way, Rom,” Davriel said.</p>
			<p>“Aye, I suppose that’s true,” Rom said, glancing down the road toward the priory, visible in the distance with light pouring out of its windows. “Well, that’s a worry for younger men.” He turned back to the carriage and nodded to Miss Highwater. “Feaster of Men.”</p>
			<p>“Rom,” she said back. “You’re looking well.”</p>
			<p>“You always say that, miss,” Rom said. “But while you haven’t changed a blink in forty years, I know right well I’ve turned into an old scrap of leather left too long in the sun.”</p>
			<p>“Mortals age, Rom,” she said. “It is your way. But I would sooner bet on the scrap of leather that has stood sturdy for forty years than I would the new piece untested.”</p>
			<p>The old man smiled, showing a few missing teeth. He glanced up at Crunchgnar—who, judging by the way the roof groaned under his weight—had moved over to watch the old hunter.</p>
			<p>“Well, let’s get you in to the prioress, m’lord,” Rom said to Davriel. “Ever since I arrived and told her about the village, she’s been wanting to speak with . . .” He trailed off, squinting into the carriage. Then he started, noticing Tacenda in the seat for the first time. “Miss Tacenda? Why, you said you were goin’ to stay at my cabin!”</p>
			<p>“I’m sorry, Rom.”</p>
			<p>“I found her in my washing room,” Davriel noted. “With an eye for vengeance and a rusty implement in hand. Ruined one of my favorite shirts when she stabbed me.”</p>
			<p>“Did she now!” Rom said. Davriel might have expected the man to be aghast, but instead he just laughed and slapped his leg. “Well, that was right bravely done, Miss Tacenda! I could have told you it would be useless, but my, stabbing the Man himself? The Bog must be right proud of you!”</p>
			<p>“Um . . . thank you,” she said.</p>
			<p>“Well, I’m glad to see you safe, miss! I was goin’ to go back for you, after tellin’ the prioress what you told me. But she said she needed every soldier here, even an old one like me. Just in case. So she set me watchin’ the road instead.”</p>
			<p>Rom opened the door to let Miss Highwater out. Normally, when Davriel visited, she and the other demons would wait outside the priory. Instead, one of the monks or priests would drive Davriel and the coach inward. Tonight, however, Davriel stopped her by climbing out himself.</p>
			<p>“Dav?” Miss Highwater asked.</p>
			<p>“I want you out here, with the carriage,” he said. “If something happens, I might need you to join me quickly.”</p>
			<p>“You could just <i>all</i> come in,” Rom said. “Pardon, m’lord, but they could, if they wanted.”</p>
			<p>“I’m sure the prioress would love that,” Davriel said.</p>
			<p>“She ain’t the lord of this ground,” Rom said. “Pardon, but it’s the archangel’s own truth that she ain’t. And if you’re worried about the destroying light, well, I don’t think any of these young pups here have enough power for you to fear—and my own skill ain’t enough to singe a devil these days.”</p>
			<p>Davriel looked toward Miss Highwater, and she shook her head. Crunchgnar likely would have relished the chance to stomp around on holy ground and desecrate an altar or two, but Davriel didn’t ask him. Instead, he waved for Tacenda to join him. The young woman scrambled out, bringing her viol.</p>
			<p>Davriel left his sword-cane, confident he could summon it with his recently acquired spell. “Be ready,” he said to Crunchgnar. Then he nodded to Rom, who led the way farther along the road, toward the priory.</p>
			<p>Leaves crunched underfoot, and things rustled out in the trees. Likely just forest animals. An unusual number of them lived close to the priory. Davriel passed between the burning lanterns along the road, entering the clearing where—at the very center of a gentle slope—the priory stood proud beneath the moon. The long, single-story building had always looked lonely to him.</p>
			<p>Tacenda glanced over her shoulder, back at the demons. “I don’t understand,” she said softly to Davriel. “Rom acts friendly toward you, but at the same time I feel like we’re walking to battle.”</p>
			<p>“My relationship with the priory is . . . complex,” Davriel said. “As for Rom, I’ll let him speak for himself.”</p>
			<p>“M’lord?” Rom said, looking back from ahead of them. “I ain’t got nothin’ to say worth hearin’. I stay out of it these days. I had enough of that foolishness when younger.”</p>
			<p>“You know Miss Highwater,” Tacenda said.</p>
			<p>“I tried for ten years to destroy that demon,” Rom said, then grunted. “Damn near got myself killed a half dozen times on that fool quest. I eventually learned, never hunt a demon smarter than you are. Stick to the dumb ones. There are plenty of those to keep a hunter busy all his life.”</p>
			<p>“I thought you hunted werewolves when you were younger,” Tacenda said.</p>
			<p>“I hunted whatever tried to hunt men, miss. First that was demons. Then wolves.” His voice grew softer. “Then angels. Well, that broke stronger men than me. When it all settled down, I found I’d become an old man, best years of my life spent knee-deep in blood. Came here to try to escape that, wash a little of it off, spend some time huntin’ weeds instead . . .”</p>
			<p>“Do you know a priest named Edwin?” Davriel asked.</p>
			<p>“Sure,” Rom said. “Eager, that one. Young.”</p>
			<p>“Tell me of him,” Davriel prodded.</p>
			<p>“His head is filled with the talk of the righteous inquisition. Talk from the more zealous minds back in the heart of human lands. He’s started down a road already, the type that you never realize only goes one way . . .” He glanced back at Davriel. “I shouldn’t say more. Talk to the prioress.”</p>
			<p>A few priory cathars waited by the doors of the southeastern entrance. White coats over leathers, with large collars and peaked hats that shadowed their faces. They glared at Davriel.</p>
			<p>“Nice hats,” he noted as he swept into the priory. The church really did have the best headgear.</p>
			<p>Rom led the way down a small corridor, and Davriel followed, his cloak billowing to brush both walls. The priory was a humble place. The prioress eschewed ornamentation, preferring bleak wooden corridors painted white. They passed the steps down to the catacombs, where they kept that silly artifact they said had been given to them by an angel.</p>
			<p>Davriel’s passing drew some attention—heads peeking out of doors, others running off to spread the news that the Man was visiting. Nobody interrupted him, at least not until he approached the prioress’s door. Just before he arrived, a priest burst out of a side corridor, then—face flush from a quick run—positioned himself between Davriel and his destination.</p>
			<p>He was a young man with stark black hair, peaked like a man twice his age. He wore no armor, just the robes of his station, but he immediately drew his longsword and leveled it at Davriel.</p>
			<p>“Stop there, fiend!” the young man said.</p>
			<p>Davriel cocked an eyebrow, then glanced at Rom. “Edwin?”</p>
			<p>“Yes, your lordship,” Rom said.</p>
			<p>“I will <i>not stand</i> your reign of terror,” Edwin said. “Everyone knows what you’ve done. An <i>entire village</i>? You might frighten the others, but <i>I</i> was trained to stand for what was right.”</p>
			<p>Davriel studied the youth, whose off hand started to glow. It was often their first instinct, to try to hit him with destroying light. They were all so certain that secretly he was some kind of unnatural monster—rather than just a man, the most natural monster of them all.</p>
			<p>“Edwin,” Rom said. “Calm down, lad. This won’t go well for you.”</p>
			<p>“I can’t believe you let him in here, Rom. You forgot our first lessons! Don’t speak to the monsters, don’t reason with them, and—most importantly—<i>don’t invite them in</i>.”</p>
			<p>“You claim you saw me on the road seven days ago,” Davriel said. “You say I was there, with two geists, attacking some merchants. How did I look?”</p>
			<p>“I don’t have to answer to you!” Edwin said, holding his sword up, lamplight gleaming on the length.</p>
			<p>“Did you even see my mask?”</p>
			<p>“I . . . You fled into the forest before I could see it!”</p>
			<p>“I fled? <i>On foot?</i> I didn’t use a carriage? And you just let me go?”</p>
			<p>“You . . . you disappeared out into the forest with your geists. I didn’t see your mask, but the cloak is obvious. And I didn’t give chase, because I needed to check on your victims!”</p>
			<p>“So you told everyone you’d seen <i>me</i>,” Davriel snapped, “when all you <i>really</i> saw was an indistinct cloaked figure?”</p>
			<p>“I . . . I knew what you were . . .” Edwin said, wavering. “The inquisitors talked about lords like you! Feeding off the innocent. Searching for unprotected villages to dominate. Your type are a plague upon our land!”</p>
			<p>“You were <i>looking</i> for a reason to blame me for something,” Davriel said. “This was just the first chance you found. Foolish boy. How tall was this figure you saw?”</p>
			<p>“I . . .” He seemed to be reconsidering his accusation.</p>
			<p>Davriel raised his hand and rubbed his fingers, summoning his stolen pyromancy. The power was still with him, though fading. He made flames dance around his fingers.</p>
			<p>Was Edwin lying on purpose or not? Could Edwin have plotted to kill Tacenda’s parents for some reason, then let the sister escape so she’d be able to identify the killer as Davriel? Had he then attacked the merchants himself, then used the attack to focus everyone on Davriel?</p>
			<p>Perhaps he could scare out the truth.</p>
			<p>“Rom,” Davriel said, “You should fetch some water. I’d hate to burn the place down by accident. And maybe get a mop to deal what is left of this young man.”</p>
			<p>“Yes, your lordship,” Rom said. He took Tacenda by the arm, steering her away from the conflict, farther down the hallway.</p>
			<p>Edwin went white in the face—but to his credit, he tried lunging at Davriel. All in all, it wasn’t a bad maneuver. Davriel’s cloak, however, produced afterimages that confused all but the most precise swordsmen. The boy’s attack went to the right. Davriel stepped aside, then lightly tapped the blade with a flick of his fingernail.</p>
			<p>The youth spun around, growling, then lunged again. Davriel, in turn, activated the weapon-summoning spell. Doing so sent a small spike of pain into his mind. Stupid spell. Still, it worked, bringing to his hand the last weapon he’d touched: in this case, the young priest’s sword.</p>
			<p>Edwin stumbled, off-balance as his weapon vanished, then reappeared in Davriel’s hand.</p>
			<p>Davriel raised his other hand, letting the flames rise around his fingers. “Tell me, child,” he said. “Do you really think that I would <i>run</i> from <i>you</i>?”</p>
			<p>The young priest stumbled back, shaking—but yanked his dagger from his belt.</p>
			<p>“Do you really think,” Davriel said, “that I would take souls in <i>secret</i>? If I needed them, I would demand them!”</p>
			<p>He needed something to enhance the moment. Perhaps that inkspell he’d stolen from the old demonologist? It barely gave Davriel a twinge of pain as he used it to paint the walls black, like pooling ink. He made eldritch letters break off the main body of darkness and move across the floor toward Edwin. They flowed like shadows, written in Old Ulgrothan.</p>
			<p>The young priest started to shake visibly, and stepped backward before the arcane scrawl.</p>
			<p>“I did not kill those people,” Davriel said. “They served me well. But your accusation has done incredible harm. Whoever is really behind this got away and has used you as a distraction. So, answer my questions. <i>What did this person look like?</i>”</p>
			<p>“They . . . they were shorter than you are,” Edwin whispered. “Slighter of frame, I guess. I . . . I was so sure it was you . . .” His eyes opened wider somehow, as the letters inched toward him. “Nameless Angel, forgive me!”</p>
			<p>He turned and fled.</p>
			<p>Davriel watched the youth go, lowering his hand, banishing the pyromancy. He couldn’t know for certain, but his instincts said that this Edwin was no hidden criminal mastermind. He’d seen an attack on the roadway, perhaps one <i>intentionally</i> designed to provide a witness. Indeed, it seemed likely that the attack on Tacenda’s parents had left the sister alive for the same reason—so she’d run and tell people what she’d seen.</p>
			<p>Could it be that whoever was behind it knew that sudden disappearances would cause rumors to spread, and bring hunters to investigate? The first strikes could all have been about providing cover by deflecting attention toward Davriel.</p>
			<p><i>Shorter than I am,</i> Davriel thought. He was five feet ten inches. <i>And slighter of frame.</i> That didn’t mean much, because with his cloak, people usually saw him as being bigger than he was.</p>
			<p>“Are you quite done?” a voice demanded from beside him.</p>
			<p>Davriel turned to find the prioress standing in the doorway to her room. With furrowed skin and a head topped by a silver bun, she was aged like an old chair you found in the attic—logic told you it must have once been new, but really, you had trouble imagining it had ever <i>actually</i> been in style. Simple white clothing draped her body, and her lips were stamped with a perpetual frown.</p>
			<p>“Stop threatening my priests,” she said. “You are here for me. If you must claim a soul, take mine. If you can.”</p>
			<p>“I <i>will</i> have vengeance for what you have cost me, old woman,” Davriel said.</p>
			<p>He met her eyes, and the two stared at each other for an extended period. Worried whispers came from the other end of the hallway, where monks and priests had gathered to watch.</p>
			<p>Finally, the prioress stepped back and let Davriel into the small room. He stomped in and, kicking the door closed, tossed away the sword.</p>
			<p>Then he slumped down into the chair behind the desk. “We,” he snapped to the prioress, “were supposed to have had a <i>deal</i>, Merlinde.”</p>
			
			<h2>Chapter Eleven: Davriel</h2>
			
			<p><strong>The prioress</strong> idled by the door, poking at some of the inky letters that he’d put up on the walls outside—they had bled through the cracks around the door and into the room.</p>
			<p>“Will these come off?” she asked.</p>
			<p>“I really don’t know,” Davriel replied. “Hopefully nobody in your priory can read Ulgrothan. I chose the letters because they look intimidating, but really, I only learned a few phrases when I was younger—mostly as a joke. What I wrote outside is a recipe for buttered scones.”</p>
			<p>The prioress turned toward him, folding her arms. “That’s my seat, Greystone.”</p>
			<p>“Yes, I know,” he said, shifting and trying to lounge in the hard, uncushioned wooden chair. He finally got into a position where he could tip it back and put his feet on her desktop. “Would it kill one of you religious types to sit in a <i>comfortable</i> seat? Are you really that afraid of being happy?”</p>
			<p>“My joy,” she said, settling down in a chair on the other side of the desk, “comes from other comforts.”</p>
			<p>“Such as breaking contracts solemnly sworn?”</p>
			<p>She eyed the door. “Don’t speak so loudly. The inquisition might have been ended, but its embers still burn. Edwin isn’t the only hothead in residence at the priory; several members of my staff would string me up if they got it into their minds I was consorting with demons, or their master.”</p>
			<p>“That presumes <i>I</i> don’t string you up first.” Davriel put his feet down, then stood, looming over the desk and the woman sitting on the other side. “I will say it again. I do <i>not</i> take the breaking of contracts lightly.”</p>
			<p>The prioress slipped a small cup off the desk, then raised it to her lips, taking a sip of something dark and warm. Fool woman always <i>had</i> refused to be properly intimidated. Honestly, it was part of why he liked her.</p>
			<p>“Did you kill all of those hunters, then?” she asked.</p>
			<p>Davriel sighed. “A few escaped. The old man. The squires.”</p>
			<p>“I see.”</p>
			<p>“I’ve been a patient man, Merlinde. I ignored the occasional hunter, and even that <i>paladin</i> last week . . . ‘She must not have known they were going to attack me,’ I told myself. ‘Or perhaps they didn’t stop at the priory first.’ But an entire task force of demon hunters, several with wards upon their minds? Our terms were clear. You were to dissuade such groups.”</p>
			<p>The prioress looked down at her tea. “You expect me to honor a promise in the face of what has been happening? An <i>entire village</i> was murdered today.”</p>
			<p>“Some of your priests are stupid, but you are not. You know me well enough to recognize I wasn’t involved. So why would you aid a band of <i>assassins</i> bent on murdering me?”</p>
			<p>The prioress took another sip of tea.</p>
			<p>“Is that Verlasen dustwillow?” Davriel asked, still looming over her as he stood beside the desk.</p>
			<p>“The finest,” she said. “Nothing is better at stilling the nerves. This is, unfortunately, my last cup.”</p>
			<p>He grunted. Figured.</p>
			<p>“Perhaps,” she finally said, “I hoped that the hunters would awaken you, Greystone. Your people suffer, and you barely take notice. I write you of their pains and hardships, only to receive rambling missives complaining about how your toes get cold at night.”</p>
			<p>“I honestly expected better hosiers out of a people who live in perpetual autumn.”</p>
			<p>“The only thing you do respond to is an interruption.”</p>
			<p>“Which was our <i>deal</i>,” Davriel said, increasingly frustrated. He stalked past her, pacing in the room. “I leave the people of the Approaches alone. I don’t demand more than food and the occasional gift of goods! In turn, you were to keep people from bothering me.”</p>
			<p>“Their suffering is <i>such</i> a bother, isn’t it?”</p>
			<p>“Bah. You’d prefer someone <i>else</i> were their lord? Perhaps some two-faced tyrant who crushes wills during the day, then howls at the moon during the night? Or you’d rather go back to a bloodsucking scion of House Markov, like the one I killed when I arrived? Fool woman. You should be preaching daily to the people how good their lives are.”</p>
			<p>He stopped his pacing near the back of the small room, where he noted a framed picture sitting on the floor, facing the wall. He tipped it toward him, and found a painting of the archangel Avacyn.</p>
			<p>“I . . .” Merlinde said. “I <i>did</i> think it was you. Until I heard you interrogating Edwin just now, I thought you <i>must</i> have been the one who took the souls of the villagers.”</p>
			<p>He glanced back at her.</p>
			<p>“After the merchants were attacked, I investigated,” she said. “My gift for sensing spirits revealed that geists had been involved, just as Edwin said. It made sense. You’re the only thing in this forest I know for sure has the strength to defy that cursed Bog. I thought it <i>must</i> have been you who took the souls of the people.”</p>
			<p>“And you did nothing?”</p>
			<p>“Of course I did something,” Merlinde said. “I sent to the church in Thraben, begging for their strongest hunters. I asked for men and women specifically talented in killing demons, and warned them that you could pierce minds. I had been . . . worried for some time that eventually you’d show a second face. The hidden face that so many lords have.”</p>
			<p>“Idiot,” Davriel said. “You’ve been played for a fool.”</p>
			<p>“I realize that now,” she said, sipping her tea. “If you’d been the man I feared, you would have destroyed the priory instead of walking in to demand answers. But . . . what <i>is</i> going on?”</p>
			<p>“I thought maybe it was Edwin,” Davriel said. “Someone physically stabbed one of your priests in the village late yesterday. They let whoever it was into the church, so your priests must have trusted them. Whoever it was killed the priest. With a knife—it was not the act of a geist.”</p>
			<p>“Which . . . which one?”</p>
			<p>“Which geist? How should I know?”</p>
			<p>“No, Greystone. Which priest? Who was stabbed?”</p>
			<p>He looked at her, frowning. The prioress was a hard woman, but she’d leaned forward in her seat, holding her cup and seeming . . . weighed down. <i>The priests she sent,</i> he thought. <i>She’s thinking how she sent them to their deaths.</i></p>
			<p>“I don’t know. The older one, with the beard.”</p>
			<p>“Notker. Angels bless your soul, my friend.” She took a deep breath. “I doubt Edwin is behind this. He is difficult to manage, but he <i>is</i> sincere in his faith. I suppose, perhaps, we could get him to open his mind to you so that you could tell for certain.”</p>
			<p>“I can’t read minds. That is not how my skills work.” Davriel spun the painting of the archangel on its corner, thinking. “What about your other priests? When I was a young accountant working ledgers for the partnership, one of the first things they taught us was to find embezzlers by tracing motivations. We were to look for the person with the unique mixture of both opportunity and incentive. A sudden financial pressure, or news in their life that left them desperate. Change is the true catalyst of crisis.”</p>
			<p>“I can’t account for each of my priests specifically,” the prioress said. “But I don’t think any had opportunity or incentive. We’re here to save the people, not kill them—and we certainly wouldn’t consort with evil spirits.”</p>
			<p>“But you’ll consort with evil men?” Davriel said.</p>
			<p>She looked at him. “That depends on how much hope we have in them, I suppose.” She shook her head. “I think you’re ignoring the true culprit in this. The obvious answer. When I saw the trail of the geists who did this, the light was tinged a sickly green. I’ve lived here for almost twenty years now; I can recognize the Bog’s touch when I see it.”</p>
			<p>“Someone stabbed that priest, remember. And Tacenda claims to have heard footsteps. Someone was controlling the geists.”</p>
			<p>“That girl,” the prioress said. “She and her sister are an . . . odd case. I have read accounts of the past, and can find nothing like their curse of blindness. I was making progress with the people of the Approaches some ten years ago, bringing them to the Angel’s light—and then those two started manifesting powers. It made the people follow the Bog again, upended nearly everything I’d accomplished since arriving here.”</p>
			<p>“The sister was claimed by the Whisperers,” Davriel said. “But Tacenda said they would not take her. I wonder why.”</p>
			<p>“The answer is obvious,” the prioress replied. “I managed to get through to Willia. She was training to become a cathar. Willia turned against the Bog, and so it killed her. I never managed to reach Tacenda though . . .”</p>
			<p>“I feel there must be more,” Davriel said. “Something I’m missing about this mess.”</p>
			<p>“Perhaps the Bog left Tacenda because it has another purpose for her,” the prioress said. “You say you think this person was controlling the geists—but perhaps you have it wrong. The Bog could be controlling the spirits directly, but also be using one or two living pawns to accomplish its tasks. The priests might have let a stray villager, crying for help, into the church. Either way, the Bog is the <i>true</i> evil here.”</p>
			<p>“But why would it kill its own followers?” Davriel said.</p>
			<p>“Evil often has no reasons for what it does.”</p>
			<p><i>No,</i> he thought. <i>Evil has the most obvious reasons.</i></p>
			<p>He didn’t say it, because he hadn’t the energy for a prolonged argument. But it wasn’t the people without morals that confused Davriel—they tended to align best with their incentives, and were much easier to read.</p>
			<p>It was the moral person who acted erratically, against their self-interest.</p>
			<p>Still, the prioress did have a point. Multiple trails pointed toward the Bog. “Do you know what it is?” he asked her. “Really?”</p>
			<p>“A false god,” she said. “Some horrible thing that lurks far beneath the waters, consuming offerings. When I first arrived—sent to this region to teach the people the correct path of faith—I confronted it. I went to that Bog and I looked into it, using my powers. There, I found something terrible, vast, and <i>ancient</i>.</p>
			<p>“I knew then that I could not fight it with conventional prayers or wards. It was far too strong. I built up this priory on top of the catacombs, and I dedicated everything I had to converting the people of the Approaches. I felt that if I could prevent them from giving their souls to the thing, it would eventually wither and die.”</p>
			<p>“You converted Willia,” Davriel said, thoughtful. “One of its chosen champions. Perhaps <i>that</i> provoked all of this.”</p>
			<p>“It is . . . possible. I can’t say for certain.” She hesitated. “At first, I assumed that you had come here to study or control the Bog. Perhaps that was why I was so quick to believe you were behind these deaths. It seemed an impossible coincidence that a person of your talents had come to settle in a place so remote.”</p>
			<p>“I didn’t know about the Bog before I arrived,” Davriel said.</p>
			<p><i>Ah,</i> the Entity said in his mind, <i>but</i> I <i>knew about it.</i></p>
			<p>What? <i>You did?</i></p>
			<p>“Whatever it is,” the prioress said, “it is hungry. The Bog consumes the souls of those who die here. Even the Seelenstone’s influence can barely resist it, despite being given to us by the Nameless Angel <i>specifically</i> for this purpose.”</p>
			<p><i>What do you know about the Bog?</i> Davriel asked the Entity. <i>You imply you led me here. For what purpose?</i></p>
			<p><i>For strength,</i> the Entity said. <i>You will see . . .</i></p>
			<p>Davriel frowned, then looked to the prioress. “It seems, unfortunately, that I am forced to confront the Bog. What a bother. Still, if I can find the cause of these manifestations, I’m reasonably certain I can return the souls to the people of the village. Or at least an acceptable number of them, considering the circumstances.”</p>
			<p>The prioress started, then twisted all around in her chair to look back at where he stood, still at the back of the room, idly spinning the picture of Avacyn.</p>
			<p>“Save them?” she asked. “It is possible?”</p>
			<p>“If it has been done, then I can see it undone.”</p>
			<p>“I don’t think that is always going to be true. But it will be enough if you try. What do you require of me?”</p>
			<p>“Once this is over, you must travel to Thraben and do whatever it takes to make certain the fools there believe I’ve died, or left, or been humiliated into hiding.”</p>
			<p>“I could do better,” she said. “I could tell them that I was wrong, and that you saved us! If you bring the people back, I’ll cry it from the steps of the great cathedral itself! I’ll proclaim you a hero, and—”</p>
			<p>“No,” he said. He dropped the painting and walked up to her seat, looming over her. “<i>No.</i> I must be made out to be nothing special. Another minor, petty lord who has claimed an insignificant slice of land nobody cares about. A fop unworthy of attention or note. Nothing special. <i>Nothing</i> to <i>care about</i>.”</p>
			<p>She nodded slowly.</p>
			<p>“For now,” he continued, holding out his hand, “I’ll need to borrow your talent for sensing and anchoring spirits.”</p>
			<p>“You shall have it willingly,” she said, putting her aged hand in his.</p>
			<p>“It will be painful,” he warned. “Our . . . natures do not align. And you’ll be left without access to the ability for a short while, perhaps as long as a day.”</p>
			<p>“So be it.”</p>
			<p>He gritted his teeth, then pierced her mind. In turn, he felt an immediate <i>spear</i> of pain right through his skull. Hellfire, this woman was wholesome. He couldn’t see her thoughts, but he was drawn, as ever, to <i>power</i>. The energy inside of her, the glow of ability, strength, <i>magic</i>.</p>
			<p>He ripped it free, wincing at the terrible sensation. This granted a new spell, raw and radiant: one which would let him track the movements of spirits and—if needed—force them to remain corporeal.</p>
			<p>The prioress slumped in her seat. He held her by the arm, keeping her from sliding to the ground. She <i>was</i> a tough old hound, and—to an extent—he did recognize the importance of her work. People needed something to believe in. Something to provide comfort, and keep them from being crushed by the realities of human existence.</p>
			<p>The truth was a dangerous thing, best left to those who could realistically exploit it.</p>
			<p>The prioress finally recovered, and squeezed his arm in thanks for supporting her. He nodded once and turned to leave, suffering—still—from the spear of pain through his mind.</p>
			<p>“You’ve been roused to action,” she said from behind. “But you seem reluctant still. What <i>would</i> it take, Greystone? To make you really care?”</p>
			<p>Corpses. Death. Memory.</p>
			<p>“Don’t ask that,” he said, stepping back into the hallway. “This land is not ready for a version of me who cares for anything other than his next nap.”</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>