<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planes / New Phyrexia</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>New Phyrexia</h1>
			
			<p>Mirrodin, originally known as Argentum, was created by the Planeswalker Karn. Mirrodin's caretaker Memnarch slowly went mad, abducting mortals from across the Multiverse to populate the plane. On this world of metal, the inhabitants brought to Mirrodin were shaped by the harsh environment and became masters of artifacts and weaponry.</p>
			<p>Karn was the bringer of the Phyrexian oil to Mirrodin, which began the slow process of transforming the creatures it touched deep beneath the world's surface. Slowly losing his mind, Karn became the Father of Machines and the leader of Phyrexia. The slow spread soon became an active campaign to alter, or compleat, the world of Mirrodin. The Mirrans fought many battles, but they soon were overwhelmed by the Phyrexian forces.</p>
			<p>Even the Planeswalkers Koth, Elspeth, and Venser could not turn the tide, and Venser sacrificed his life to restore Karn to sanity. But by then, not even the creator of Mirrodin could stop the Phyrexian machine. Now the Praetors—some of Karn's top lieutenants—and their factions fight for power amongst themselves while the natives struggle daily to survive.</p>
			
			<h2>Legendary Creatures</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/AtraxaPraetorsVoice.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Atraxa, Praetor's Voice</h3>
				<p>Atraxa marks the final victory in the Phyrexian conquest of Mirrodin. Once a Mirran angel who opposed Phyrexia's corruption, she was captured while protecting a Mirran retreat. The praetor Elesh Norn honored her tenacity with the gift of Phyrexian <em>compleation</em>. Jin-Gitaxias, Sheoldred, and Vorinclex all joined Elesh Norn's efforts, and Atraxa was born—a testament to Phyrexia's singular purpose.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/GlissaTheTraitor.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Glissa, the Traitor</h3>
				<p>After freeing Mirrodin from Memnarch, Glissa fell into hibernation in Mirrodin's core. There, Phyrexian oil twisted and corrupted her. When she awoke years later, Glissa had been transformed into the perfect instrument to usher in a new age of Phyrexian control.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/GethLordOfTheVault.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Geth, Lord of the Vault</h3>
				<p>Beheaded and left for dead, Geth was able to arise stronger than ever, but with a twisted metallic Phyrexian body. Geth hates being controlled by the Phyrexians and takes out his anger on all who stand in the way of their corruption.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/EzuriRenegadeLeader.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ezuri, Renegade Leader</h3>
				<p>Head of the elves, Ezuri leads one of the last remaining outposts in the fight for Mirrodin. With the help of Melira's healing talents, Ezuri has hatched a plan to cure the very heart of Mirrodin. But he’ll need to make sure he keeps Melira's abilities out of Phyrexian hands in the process ...</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/MeliraSylvokOutcast.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Melira, Sylvok Outcast</h3>
				<p>Hideously covered in flesh, without any of the metallic growths natural to all creatures of Mirrodin, Melira was reviled. However, as the Phyrexian contamination began to spread through all living beings, Melira found she was able to cure the taint, thus giving all Mirrans hope.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Factions</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Auriok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Auriok</h3>
				<p>As more of Mirrodin fell to the Phyrexians, many Auriok joined forces with neighboring leonin or elves. During the Phyrexian invasion, the hero Ria Ivor led a group of Auriok survivors—along with other humans and leonin—to drive the Phyrexians away from the survivor settlement of Bladehold.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Neurok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Neurok</h3>
				<p>Always eager to understand, the neurok were among the first to identify the threat that the corrupting Phyrexian oil posed to Mirrodin. But this same curiosity was the neurok’s downfall. Rather then act, they waited, observantly studying the Phyrexians and their destructive ways until it was too late.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Moriok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Moriok</h3>
				<p>With the Geth corrupted by Phyrexian oli, the moriok were all but wiped out before they even realized what was happening. The few that remain have fallen into servitude for the Phyrexians, who use their minions to advance their goal of the Grand Evolution.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Vulshok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Vulshok</h3>
				<p>While best suited to fight off the Phyrexians, even the vulshok were unable to prevent the corruption from overtaking their mountain home. With their lands corrupted, the remaining vulshok struggle to fight a war that they are losing more and more each day.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Sylvok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Sylvok</h3>
				<p>Due to their seclusion deep within the Tangle, the sylvok had no knowledge of the Phyrexian corruption until it had already taken root inside of them. Melira witnessed the corruption of her people firsthand and thus dedicated herself to defeating the Phyrexians at any cost.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Creature Races</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Goblins.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Goblins</h3>
				<p>With the Phyrexian corruption of Mirrodin, goblins have become sleek and pale in color. Not fully understanding the Phyrexian oil that corrupts them, they eagerly release their frustration in fits of rage.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Leonin.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Leonin</h3>
				<p>With the loss of Raksha, the proud leonin descended into petty squabbles. This infighting blinded them to the dangers of the Phyrexian contagion until it was beyond control. Thus, the leonin's loyalty was quickly augmented and twisted into serving the Phyrexian corruption.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Elves.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Elves</h3>
				<p>Growing dark and bitter, the elves were quick to blame Glissa for any and all problems caused by the Phyrexians. Knowing their defensive tactics, Glissa made them the first to be corrupted in the Phyrexian's contamination that swept across Mirrodin.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Zombies.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Zombies (Nim)</h3>
				<p>With the rise of the Phyrexians, the nim have remained largely the same. Unable to advance the Grand Evolution, nim are left to the orders of Geth, who strives to avoid displeasing his new masters.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Myr.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Myr</h3>
				<p>When the Phyrexians took root in Mirrodin, they quickly took advantage of the obedient, masterless myr. Augmented to fulfill the Phyrexian's goals of complete planar domination, these automatons were instrumental in ensuring a high exposure rate for infection.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Phyrexians.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Phyrexians</h3>
				<p>Intent on wiping out the last traces of resistance from their home (renamed New Phyrexia), these twisted creations believe in survival at any cost. They assimilate the strengths of every race they crush, all in the name of their “Grand Evolution.”</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Planeswalker</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Koth.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Koth of the Hammer</h3>
				<p>This fierce tribal leader uses red mana to shape earth and rock into weapons. His ultimate goal: peace for his people, and liberation for his plane from the Phyrexians.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/ElspethTirel.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Elspeth Tirel</h3>
				<p>White knight of community and fortification, Elspeth left her embattled homeland in search of a new place to call home.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Venser.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Venser</h3>
				<p>A mechanical savant, Venser relies on artifact making and teleportation to guide his travels, satisfying his insatiable intellect along the way.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Karn.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Karn</h3>
				<p>Planeswalker Urza created the golem Karn as a weapon and artifact. A Planeswalker himself, Karn has built—and is now trying to save—the metal world of Argentum, which has been contaminated and corrupted.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Tezzeret.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Tezzeret</h3>
				<p>This artificer’s body is enhanced by the magical alloy etherium. Enslaved by one Planeswalker and mind-wasted by another, he continues to seek perfection of body and mind.</p>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>