<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planes / Tarkir's Past</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Tarkir's Past</h1>
			
			<p>Over a thousand years before the present day, Tarkir is a rugged place, fraught with perils for dragon and human alike.</p>
			<p>The skies of Tarkir teem with dragons. They spawn from mighty elemental storms, fill the sky with their destructive breath, and terrorize the five warrior clans. There are five dragon broods, named for their biggest and oldest surviving members. Each has a distinct look, disposition, and breath weapon, but all are dangerous foes to the humanoid races of Tarkir.</p>
			<p>In the past, the five clans of Tarkir still exist. They fight a war against the dragons for their own survival, hoping for some way to gain an advantage in the struggle. They train as dragonslayers, devoting their lives to defending themselves and their families from these predators of the sky.</p>
			
			<h2>Legendary Creatures</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/DaghatarTheAdamant.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Daghatar the Adamant</h3>
				<p>Daghatar the Adamant, the khan of the Abzan, relies on careful strategy to achieve his goals. He constantly analyzes his surroundings, and this can make him seem aloof. Daghatar rides on a black ibex, and he is clad in elaborate mail crafted from dragon scales. The head of his impressive mace is hewn from amber in which a malevolent spirit is bound.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/ShuYunTheSilentTempest.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Shu Yun, the Silent Tempest</h3>
				<p>Shu Yun, the Silent Tempest is the leader of the Jeskai. His relatively youthful appearance belies the fact that he is among the oldest people on Tarkir. Shu Yun is an extremely skilled fighter, having mastered every form of combat known to the Jeskai, and he bears the dragon mark of a ghostfire warrior. He is dedicated to improving the combat skills of every member of the clan.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/TasigurTheGoldenFang.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Tasigur, the Golden Fang</h3>
				<p>Tasigur, the Golden Fang is the young, pampered heir to the Sultai fortune. Pale and slender, he is a hedonist who indulges in cruel pleasures and spares no thought for ruling his realm. He is usually carried about the palace on an ornate platform borne by zombies. Tasigur wears elaborate golden adornments and carries a long, sharp-tipped whip, which he uses on others when he is displeased or simply bored. He especially enjoys tormenting enemies by sending their own undead kin against them.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/AleshaWhoSmilesAtDeath.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Alesha, Who Smiles at Death</h3>
				<p>Although Alesha, Who Smiles at Death is only nineteen years old, she is the Mardu khan, as well as an expert rider, a fine archer, and a master of the sword. She wields a heavy blade with which she strides fearlessly into hand-to-hand combat. She scoffs at dragonkind, believing them to be nothing more than vermin, and challenges her enemies to face her in battle.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/YasovaDragonclaw.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Yasova Dragonclaw</h3>
				<p>Yasova completed a ritual challenge to prove herself worthy of the title of Dragonclaw. She is now the khan of the Temur. She is a powerful shaman, adept at calling up the elemental forces of the mountains, and turning her enemies’ power against them. Yasova is always accompanied by her enormous sabertooth companion.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/DromokaTheEternal.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Dromoka, the Eternal</h3>
				<p>To the Abzan, Dromoka is the only dragon worthy of admiration. Dromoka and her brood have breath like a ray of searing light, but their greatest strength is their armored hide: even the heaviest weapons shatter uselessly off their impenetrable scales. Dromoka and her brood were drawn to the hot, sunny region where the Abzan settled.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/OjutaiSoulOfWinter.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ojutai, Soul of Winter</h3>
				<p>To the Jeskai, Ojutai is the dragon that best embodies their ideal of cunning. Gliding silently on feathered wings, Ojutai and his brood freeze prey with their icy breath and pick off the weak. Ojutai and his brood are cold-loving creatures that lay claim to high peaks, so the Jeskai carve their strongholds into the mountainsides to guard against attack.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/SilumgarTheDeathCloud.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Silumgar, the Death Cloud</h3>
				<p>To the Sultai, dragons represent ruthlessness, and Silumgar stands out above the rest. Silumgar and his brood gloat over the treasure they pillaged from the clans. Any who dare to defy them must face their toxic, corrosive breath. Silumgar and his brood are slimy creatures that are at home in steaming jungles and dank swamps, bringing them into conflict with the Sultai.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/KolaghanTheSuddenStorm.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kolaghan, the Sudden Storm</h3>
				<p>The Mardu honor speed above all, and thus Kolaghan is the dragon they revere. Kolaghan and her brood strafe the earth with blazing torrents of lightning, and they are able to hunt down even the swiftest prey. Like the Mardu, they leave nothing behind but ash. Kolaghan and her brood strive to control the rocky hills and steppes of Tarkir. To compete with the dragons, the Mardu deploy increasingly reckless tactics.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/AtarkaWorldRender.jpg.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Atarka, World Render</h3>
				<p>The Temur revere only one dragon: Atarka. Atarka and her brood thunder across the sky, wreaking destruction with their giant plumes of dragonfire. Few can withstand the savagery of their onslaught as they patrol Tarkir to satiate their hunger. Atarka and her brood prefer to hunt in the snowy mountains where the Temur have built their encampments.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/XXXXXXXXX.jpg');"></figure>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Clans</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/TheAbzanHouses.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>The Abzan Houses</h3>
				<p>Family bonds are the core of Abzan society, and the clan fights anyone who would threaten these bonds. The Abzan honor the spirits of their ancestors and value their lineage above all else. The Abzan have adopted the scale of the dragon as their symbol. Soldiers claim scales from fallen dragons and incorporate them into their armor for protection.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/TheJeskaiWay.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>The Jeskai Way</h3>
				<p>The Jeskai are martial artists and mystics who seek spiritual enlightenment. Their rigorous training for the body and the mind begins at an early age and continues throughout life. Under the constant threat of dragons, though, this training takes a distinctly defensive turn. The Jeskai take the dragon’s eye as their symbol, representing both enlightenment and vigilance.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/TheSultaiBrood.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>The Sultai Brood</h3>
				<p>The decadent Sultai rule with cruelty, treachery, and an ever-growing legion of undead servants. While naga command respect as dreaded necromancers, they don’t dominate the clan. The Sultai use masses of undead to perform menial tasks, and as cheap fodder in their armies. The Sultai’s symbol is the fang of the dragon, which represents their readiness to strike and spread their venomous plans.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/TheMarduHorde.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>The Mardu Horde</h3>
				<p>The Mardu are feared warriors who live for battle. They constantly raid other clans with thundering waves of humans, orcs, ogres, and goblins, but they rarely hold the territory they take. Upon coming of age, Mardu warriors prove themselves in a brutal act of honor, usually killing an enemy in battle, to earn their “war name.” The Mardu are symbolized by the wing of the dragon, which represents their swiftness on the attack.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/TheTemurFrontier.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>The Temur Frontier</h3>
				<p>The Temur value strength, savagery, and independence in those in their ranks. They carve out clanholds in the inhospitable Qal Sisma mountain range, and they venture forth frequently from these encampments, spending much of the year hunting game. The Temur revere the fury of wild beasts, often riding or fighting alongside sabertooth cats and other large predators in battle. Their clan symbol is the claw of the dragon, which represents these attributes.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Creature Races</h2>
				
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Orcs.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Orcs</h3>
				<p>Muscular and savage, orcs are well suited to Tarkir's harsh environment. The Mardu clan includes many orc warriors—including its khan. Orcs also share the wild lands of the Temur. The Abzan sometimes adopt orphaned orcs into the clan as "krumar," who are among its most dedicated defenders.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Djinn.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Djinn</h3>
				<p>Djinn inhabit the highest parts of Tarkir, especially the mountains where the Jeskai have their strongholds. With their inherent ability to fly, combined with superior athletic skill, djinn are masters of martial and mystical styles. They often serve as teachers to the Jeskai.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Efreet.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Efreet</h3>
				<p>These beings of elemental fire hail from remote mountains called Qadat, the Fire Rim. A few of them make the pilgrimage to Jeskai territory to master the technique known as bloodfire. Such efreet become outcasts from their own kind but are exceptional warriors in their adopted clan.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Naga.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Naga</h3>
				<p>The snakelike naga are descended from Sultai leaders who made dark deals with rakshasa. Naga are expert at magic that warps both mind and body. Many are necromancers. They are infamous for their cruelty, seeing others only as fodder for their ever-growing army of zombies.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Aven.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Aven</h3>
				<p>Aven are numerous in Tarkir's skies. Their keen eyes and tireless wings make them ideal scouts for the Abzan and Jeskai clans. Among the Sultai, and to a lesser extent the Abzan, vulture-aven scavenge the dead. Aven shamans guide Temur humans in the clan's elemental whispering.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Ainok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ainok</h3>
				<p>Tarkir is home to two lineages of the canine humanoids called ainok. Those of the desert wastes resemble hyenas and are masters of survival and camouflage; they often are adopted into the Abzan. The bearlike ainok of the Qal Sisma mountains live and work among Temur humans.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Planeswalker</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/SarkhanVol.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Sarkhan Vol</h3>
				<p>A red-green shaman, Sarkhan is from a plane where warlords hunted dragons to extinction. He now searches the Multiverse for a dragon worthy of his worship.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Ugin.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ugin, the Spirit Dragon</h3>
				<p>Ugin is a powerful and ancient dragon planeswalker. Able to shift matter into energy, Ugin has found power using magic others would not have thought possible. He plans to study the multiverse and the greatest mystery he has encountered — the Eldrazi.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/NicolBolas.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Nicol Bolas</h3>
				<p>Elder dragon and tyrant of worlds, Nicol Bolas is one of the oldest known beings in the Multiverse. His malevolence is matched only by his boundless intellect.</p>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>