<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planes / Dominaros</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Dominaria</h1>
			
			<p>Home to a rich variety of terrain—cold mountains, wide plains, jungles, deserts, islands—this plane boasts countless historic locations, from the volcanic continent of Shiv to the time-shattered isle of Tolaria to the wretched island of Urborg.</p>
			<p>It's also the birthplace of brothers Urza and Mishra, master artificers who discovered ancient stones of power in the Caves of Koilos. In their lust for power, the brothers waged a savage war against each other, devastating Dominaria and plunging the plane into an ice age. At the end of this war, Urza discovered the dark plane of Phyrexia, a hell of flesh, metal, and grease, where the line between living and artificial was blurred.</p>
			<p>Phyrexia nearly invaded Dominaria, were it not for the skyship <em>Weatherlight</em> and its crew. The famous flying vessel contained ancient magical technology that enabled the ship to planeswalk. The <em>Weatherlight</em>, its crew of heroes, and a collection of artifacts called the Legacy (including the Planeswalker, Karn) were all instrumental in thwarting the invasion.</p>
			<p>Dominaria was also the epicenter of the temporal-planar fractures that threatened all the planes. A host of cataclysms, many caused by Planeswalkers, left Dominaria desolated, destabilizing the fabric of the Multiverse. The damage to time and space spread outward from Dominaria and started affecting other planes. A handful of powerful Planeswalkers intervened to mend the rifts, thus restabilizing all the planes.</p>
			<p>Today, after generations of peaceful development, much of Dominaria has managed to rebuild the cultures of its past. Benalia, New Argive, the Tolarian Academies, and Femeref all thrive as primarily human societies, while the Vodalian Merfolk, the Llanowar Elves, and the treefolk of Yavimaya have all also flourished in recent decades.</p>
			<p>However, as the cult of the Cabal grows in strength, now under the control of the Demonlord Belzenlok, Dominaria faces new threats…and looks to heroes both old and new to answer them.</p>
			
			<h2>Legendary Creatures</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/SidarKondoOfJamuraa.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Sidar Kondo of Jamuraa</h3>
				<p>In his homeland of Jamuraa on the plane of Dominaria, Kondo was a leader during the Mirage War. An accomplished knight and expert horseman, Kondo always seemed to appear at the most critical moment of a battle. He raised two sons—Vuel, his own blood, and Gerrard Capashen, an adopted refugee with a heroic destiny. Unfortunately, envy and bitterness consumed Vuel, and Kondo died by his son's hands.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/TeferiMageOfZhalfir.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir</h3>
				<p>As time rifts began opening up on Dominaria, Teferi dedicated himself to finding ways to close them. His studies revealed that, not only were rifts caused by Planeswalkers, but they could also be closed by Planeswalkers… at the cost of their spark.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/RadhaHeirToKeld.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Radha, Heir to Keld</h3>
				<p>Radha originally helped Teferi heal the time rifts, though she was always driven to return to her people. Later, Jeska captured her, forcing Radha to close the Zhalfir and Yavimaya rifts. No longer possessing her Planeswalker spark, she returned to her people as their warlord.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/VenserShaperSavant.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Venser, Shaper Savant</h3>
				<p>Native to Urborg, Venser would constantly tinker with his machines and teleportation throne. While helping Teferi close the time rifts, he discovered his innate ability to teleport machine-free. After the final rift was closed, he became a Planeswalker and ventured off to explore the Multiverse.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/JhoiraOfTheGhitu.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Jhoira of the Ghitu</h3>
				<p>Jhoira traveled with Teferi, Venser, and Radha while they were healing the time rifts that ravaged Dominaria. Under Jhoria’s orders, the Ghitu helped Venser complete his Ambulator, the transporter throne. After the last time rift closed, Jhoira opted to take an indefinite hiatus from adventuring.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/JhoiraWeatherlightCaptain.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Jhoira, Weatherlight Captain</h3>
				<p>As a student at Urza's original Tolarian Academy, Jhoira befriended the future Planeswalkers Karn and Teferi, became immortal by accident, helped create the Weatherlight, and commanded the skyship on its first voyage. Now twelve hundred years old, she has raised and restored the legendary ship in the hopes that it will help foster this new era of peace and growth.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/JosuVessLichKnight.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Josu Vess, Lich Knight</h3>
				<p>The lich knight Josu was an ordinary young Benalish nobleman until his sister Liliana attempted to heal him of a supernatural wasting disease and unwittingly cursed him to wander as a self-aware corpse. Denied all human contact and twisted by rage and undeath, Josu's existence was a lonely, pointless one—until the demonlord Belzenlok found him and elevated him as a lord of the Cabal.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/DemonlordBelzenlok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Demonlord Belzenlok</h3>
				<p>Belzenlok is the ancient demon-god of the sinister Cabal, and the fourth, and only surviving, demon holding a lien on Liliana Vess's soul. From his place in the black heart of the mile-high Stronghold, Belzenlok sends his fervent worshipers to every corner of the globe to sow terror, seize powerful relics, and prepare Dominaria for the coming of its true lord and master.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/SqueeTheImmortal.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Squee, the Immortal</h3>
				<p>Squee was a cabin boy and general nuisance aboard the skyship Weatherlight before and during the events of the Phyrexian invasion. Rendered immortal by Phyrexians for the purpose of repeated executions, Squee escaped, and survived . . . and survived . . . and survived. Three and a half centuries later, he can rightly claim to be the oldest—and possibly wisest—goblin on Dominaria.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/MultaniYavimayasAvatar.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Multani, Yavimaya’s Avatar</h3>
				<p>After the massive World Spell that ended Dominaria's Ice Age, a consciousness stirred in the forest of Yavimaya. That consciousness became embodied in the maro-sorcerer Multani, Yavimaya's avatar. A hero of both the Phyrexian invasion and the Mending, Multani has died more than once, but as long as Yavimaya remains, Multani is never truly gone. Now, his mind is awakening once more, spurring the forest to frenetic, undirected action.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/JodahArchmageEternal.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Jodah, Archmage Eternal</h3>
				<p>At over four thousand years old, Jodah has earned the epithet given to him twenty centuries ago: the Archmage Eternal. Today, he prefers to hide behind extravagant and sometimes contradictory legends while remaining aloof from the day-to-day affairs of Dominaria.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/GrandWarlordRadha.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Grand Warlord Radha</h3>
				<p>Radha is heir to two great nations. Her grandfather was the great Keldon warlord Astor, and her grandmother was an elf of Skyshroud. Rising to leadership of the warlike Keldons by right of combat, Radha now walks a precarious path, seeking to forge a new Keld that can thrive in a time of relative peace without losing its essential character.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/DarigaazReincarnated.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Darigaaz Reincarnated</h3>
				<p>Darigaaz is the latest reincarnation of an ancient Primeval dragon and champion of the dragons of Shiv. Driven by a desire to redeem the failures of his previous incarnations, Darigaaz seeks to be a leader, not a commander or tyrant.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Tribes</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Korlis.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Korlis</h3>
				<p>Even before Dominaria was torn apart by the time rifts, Korlis was a fading civilization. The few who managed to survive did so by protecting themselves from the elements and only venturing outside to scavenge for brief periods at a time.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Benalia.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Benalia</h3>
				<p>A stronghold for many, Benalia boasts a large military, which grants its inhabitants a certain measure of peace. Even when the time rifts opened, Benalia was one of the few places to survive the dust storms and catastrophes.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Jamuraa.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Jamuraa</h3>
				<p>Home to the Suq'Ata empire, Jamuraa was devastated by countless wars, even before the time rifts opened. Much of the Suq'Ata empire couldn’t be saved by Teferi before Jeska closed the Zhalfir rift, and those sections are now lost forever.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Ghitu.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ghitu</h3>
				<p>Wanderers of Shiv, the nomadic Ghitu excel at fire magic and tinkering with the many leftover Phyrexian parts scattered across the landscape. As one of their own, Jhoira was able to convince the ghitu to assist Venser in completing his teleporting throne, the Ambulator.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Krosa.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Krosa</h3>
				<p>When the time rifts weakened the connection to mana on Dominaria, the massive trees of the Krosan Forest became weak and brittle. The Krosa druids who resided there work endlessly to reconnect with the forest and restore it to its former glory, but there has been little progress.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Keld.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Keld</h3>
				<p>Known for their fierce temper and brutish attitude, Keldons are eager to invade for the sake of proving their dominance. After the final time rift closed, Radha became warlord of the remaining Keldons and allowed scattered refugees to join, purely to mold them into the keldon lifestyle.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Creature Races</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Goblins.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Goblins</h3>
				<p>The harsh climate created by the time rifts has forever scarred the goblins of Dominaria. Continued exposure to salt storms wears away the excess skin around their lips and noses, giving their face a skeletal appearance. The lack of resources has also left them malnourished and ever more ferocious.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Elves.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Elves</h3>
				<p>Across Dominaria, the elven population has dwindled in conjunction with the time rifts. Their appearance has dwindled as well, with the lack of resources leaving them thin and gaunt. Increasing sparseness of their forest home has furthered hindered their once-strong defenses.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Slivers.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Slivers</h3>
				<p>Although many were devastated by the time rifts and harsh climate of Dominaria, the slivers were one of the few races to actually thrive. Their innate drive for adaptation and integration let them find ways to acclimatize, turning the changing wasteland of Dominaria to their advantage.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Angels.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Angels</h3>
				<p>Angels are the embodiment of beauty, strength, and—when required to protect the innocent—righteous fury. Their original plane collapsed in the Phyrexian invasion of Serra's Realm, leaving most of them displaced on Dominaria. Growing disasters have given them countless masses to watch over.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Aven.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Aven</h3>
				<p>Residing primarily on Otaria, the aven communities were devastated when the time rifts appeared. The few aven that survived now travel Dominaria, constantly searching for someplace safe to rebuild their culture.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Dragons.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Dragons</h3>
				<p>Dragons can be found across all of Dominaria, but the largest and strongest dragons reside in Shiv, where they make their mountain homes. Dominaria’s time rifts and salt storms have made the dragons more aggressive, prone to attacking even the slightest hint of prey.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Planeswalker</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/NicolBolas.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Nicol Bolas</h3>
				<p>Elder dragon and tyrant of worlds, Nicol Bolas is one of the oldest known beings in the Multiverse. His malevolence is matched only by his boundless intellect.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Venser.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Venser</h3>
				<p>A mechanical savant, Venser relies on artifact making and teleportation to guide his travels, satisfying his insatiable intellect along the way.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/ElspethTirel.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Elspeth Tirel</h3>
				<p>White knight of community and fortification, Elspeth left her embattled homeland in search of a new place to call home.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Koth.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Koth</h3>
				<p>This fierce tribal leader uses red mana to shape earth and rock into weapons. His ultimate goal: peace for his people, and liberation for his plane from the Phyrexians.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/AjaniGoldmane.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ajani Goldmane</h3>
				<p>Ajani Goldmane is torn between his leonin ferocity and his sense of justice. He was born on Naya and became an outcast within his own family, an albino leonin never accepted by the rest of his pride.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Karn.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Karn</h3>
				<p>Planeswalker Urza created the golem Karn as a weapon and artifact. A Planeswalker himself, Karn has built—and is now trying to save—the metal world of Argentum, which has been contaminated and corrupted.</p>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>