<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planeswalker / Teferi</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Teferi</h1>
			
			<blockquote><p>"We define the boundaries of reality; they don't define us."</p></blockquote>
			
			<h2>Biography</h2>
			
			<p>Born in the nation of Zhalfir on Dominaria, Teferi was recognized as a magical prodigy at a young age. He studied at the Tolarian Academy, where the Planeswalker Urza was preparing gifted young mages to fight the horrific machine empire known as Phyrexia. With a talent for temporal magic and a fondness for practical jokes, Teferi became one of the academy's most renowned—and confounding—students. Then a Phyrexian attack on the academy left Teferi trapped in a bubble of slow-flowing time for two decades. After he was freed from the bubble, he helped Urza prepare for war against the Phyrexians, despite his concern that Urza's judgment was clouded by a desire for war. Eventually, Teferi returned to his homeland and became a royal mage, protecting Zhalfir and finding common ground among splintered factions. He established five guilds to help lead his country to prosperity and maintain its stability while he continued his research into temporal anomalies on a secluded island. This research led him to the discovery that he could phase the entire island, with all its inhabitants, out of the time stream completely. But this magic was unstable, and Teferi disappeared—with his island home and every creature on it—for hundreds of years. When Phyrexia launched another attack upon Dominaria, Urza sought Teferi's assistance in fighting off Yawgmoth's terrible forces. But Teferi knew Urza well enough to understand that he would become a mere pawn in the other Planeswalker's arsenal. Instead of joining in the war effort, Teferi drew on the lessons he learned from his earlier failure, protecting Zhalfir and other parts of the plane from the invasion by phasing them out of the time stream for centuries. Three centuries later, Teferi returned to Dominaria to see if it was safe for Zhalfir to return. Although the Phyrexian threat was long gone, he found the plane—and indeed the whole Multiverse—imperiled by rifts in the fabric of time, some of which were caused by his own meddling. Desperate to repair this damage, Teferi sought help from other Planeswalkers—Freyalise, Venser, and even the dragon Nicol Bolas—to seal the rifts, with only partial success. Teferi sacrificed his Planeswalker spark, using its energy to close one of the temporal storms. Dominaria survived, but Zhalfir was lost outside of time, and Teferi was left as a powerful but merely mortal mage.</p>
			<p>Now, having lived a quiet (if immortal) life for many years, including marriage and the birth of a daughter, Teferi is faced with major decisions about his past...and his future in the Multiverse.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>