<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planes / Mirrodin</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Mirrodin</h1>
			
			<p>On Mirrodin, everything is made of metal—from forests to mountains to grass. Five suns cast their light on the plane, one for each color of mana.</p>
			<p>Long ago, this metal plane was created by Karn, the silver golem built by the Planeswalker Urza. But something went wrong with Karn's creation. He unwittingly introduced a dark contagion: Phyrexian oil. Over the centuries, this oil has taken hold, infecting the land and breeding wave after wave of new horrors.</p>
			<p>Even the Warden that Karn created to protect the plane grew unstable, gaining sentience and calling himself Memnarch. Over time, Memnarch grew paranoid and angry, feeling abandoned by his creator. As Memnarch's madness grew, so did his power. He kidnapped countless beings from other planes before he was finally defeated by the elf Glissa Sunseeker.</p>
			<p>But all is still not well on Mirrodin. The first generations of Mirrans have vanished, returned to the planes from which they were taken. Meanwhile, the Phyrexian contagion continues to do its work. New Phyrexian horrors continue to emerge from Mirrodin's core, killing all Mirrans in their path and even counting the Mirran dead among their Phyrexian ranks.</p>
			<p>But the Phyrexia factions are not unified in purpose. Its red-aligned faction, led by Urabrask, turns a blind eye to the citizens of Mirrodin, allowing them safe harbor.</p>
			<p>The rift of the various mana factions makes New Phyrexia both stronger and weaker than ever before—stronger because it's more varied and adaptable, but weaker because it lacks unity of purpose.</p>
			<p>Will any Mirrans survive? What new horrors await this brutal world? Will the Phyrexian infection spread to planes beyond?</p>
			
			<h2>Legendary Creatures</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/GlissaSunseeker.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Glissa Sunseeker</h3>
				<p>Glissa, a rebellious troublemaker, questioned the elven traditions till the time when her entire home was destroyed. Obsessed with finding her parents' killer, she searches every inch of Mirrodin's metallic landscape, consumed with thoughts of vengeance.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/BoshIronGolem.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Bosh, Iron Golem</h3>
				<p>A massive iron golem, Bosh was found sunken in the dark sludge of the Mephidross swamps. Once freed, Bosh had no memory and chose to accompany Glissa and Slobad. By their side, he searches Mirrodin for any details of his past along the way.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/SlobadGoblinTinkerer.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Slobad, Goblin Tinkerer</h3>
				<p>Highly intelligent by goblin standards, Slobad is a master at deconstructing and understanding Mirrodin’s inner workings. Glissa befriend him in her travels, and he vowed to help in any way that might defeat the terrible forces ruling the plane.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Memnarch.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Memnarch</h3>
				<p>Memnarch is the ever-watchful master of Mirrodin's core, observing and manipulating all events from the luxury of the Panopticon. With his massive force of unthreatening myr covering every inch of Mirrodin's surface, Memnarch always keeps one step ahead of those who would see his downfall.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/RakshaGoldenCub.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Raksha Golden Cub</h3>
				<p>Proud, ferocious, and inspirational in battle, Raksha lead the leonin of Mirrodin from the great razor fields of Taj-nar. Rallying his leonine brethren, he urged them to become masters with all weapons to better defend their ancient dens.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Factions</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Auriok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Auriok</h3>
				<p>The most civilized of the human factions on Mirrodin, the Auriok survive through diplomacy and trading with the leonin. Strong fighters, the Auriok rely heavily on magic to temporarily nullify or dismantle the threatening constructs that roam too close to their homes in the Razor Fields.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Neurok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Neurok</h3>
				<p>In Lumengrid, the neurok serve as humble assistants to their vedalken masters. Aiding in experiments, they seek knowledge in general, but more specifically, they aim to understand the mysterious blinkmoths found deep within Mirrodin.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Moriok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Moriok</h3>
				<p>Able to live in small pockets of the Mephidross, away from the nim, moriok survive by salvaging from the swamp. Surrounded by constant toxic fumes, many have taken to wearing protective head gear—though it does little to slow the madness that seeps into their brains.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Vulshok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Vulshok</h3>
				<p>Always eager for combat, the Vulshok scour their mountain home for iron ore, which they use to make weapons of unparalleled destruction. Their forces often fight alongside powerful shamans, who command lightning to augment the Vulshok’s brute strength.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Sylvok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Sylvok</h3>
				<p>With copper running through their bodies, the Sylvok live isolated in the dense Tangle Forest of Mirrodin. Hardly making contact with any other races, the sylvok are able to survive by living off of the forest’s fruits and the game they hunt.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Creature Races</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Goblins.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Goblins</h3>
				<p>Covered in patches of metal, the goblins of Mirrodin make their home within the Great Furnace. Their talents for artifact manipulation range from advanced to poke it with a stick.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Leonin.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Leonin</h3>
				<p>Noble and loyal to their Kha, the leonin inhabit the Razor Fields of Mirrodin. They are able to keep the monstrous levelers and all others at bay with their flawless coordination tactics. They also craft some of the finest weapons on Mirrodin.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Elves.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Elves</h3>
				<p>Adorned with beautiful copper filigree, the elves of Mirrodin live among the massive metallic trees of the Tangle. The most prized and protected of these is their Tree of Tales, upon which they inscribe their history and rich traditions.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Nim.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Nim</h3>
				<p>Inhabiting the black sludge of Mephidross, nim zombies are quick to attack anyone foolhardy enough to travel the foul swamps. Controlled from the Vault of Whispers, the nim help enforce and expand the Geth’s dark reign.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Myr.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Myr</h3>
				<p>Small, sleek, silent, and ever-present, these automaton observers are seldom aggressive. Often ignored or, at worst, seen as pests, few stop to think about the myrs' true purpose.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Planeswalker</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Karn.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Karn</h3>
				<p>Planeswalker Urza created the golem Karn as a weapon and artifact. A Planeswalker himself, Karn has built—and is now trying to save—the metal world of Argentum, which has been contaminated and corrupted.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/ElspethTirel.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Elspeth Tirel</h3>
				<p>White knight of community and fortification, Elspeth left her embattled homeland in search of a new place to call home.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Koth.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Koth of the Hammer</h3>
				<p>This fierce tribal leader uses red mana to shape earth and rock into weapons. His ultimate goal: peace for his people, and liberation for his plane from the Phyrexians.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Venser.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Venser</h3>
				<p>A mechanical savant, Venser relies on artifact making and teleportation to guide his travels, satisfying his insatiable intellect along the way.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Tezzeret.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Tezzeret</h3>
				<p>This artificer’s body is enhanced by the magical alloy etherium. Enslaved by one Planeswalker and mind-wasted by another, he continues to seek perfection of body and mind.</p>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>