<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planeswalker / Tamiyo</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Tamiyo</h1>
			
			<blockquote><p>"True riches are found in the mazes of the mind."</p></blockquote>
			
			<h2>Biography</h2>
			
			<p>When the field scholar Tamiyo became a Planeswalker, the potential knowledge of the Multiverse was greater than any power she could ever desire. A blue mage, she doesn't use brute force to get what she wants, but rather knowledge, defense, persistence, and the mind.</p>
			<p>Her moonfolk, the soratami of Kamigawa, are a secretive and inquisitive race. Their knowledge of the metaphysical forces on their world is unparalleled. As a Planeswalker, Tamiyo sees each new plane as an unexplored treasure trove of knowledge to be brought back to her people's great scroll towers. She maintains relationships with other planeswalkers across the Multiverse and trades stories from travel.</p>
			<p>Tamiyo is particularly enamored with the mysteries of Innistrad and its silver moon. Observing them for many cycles, she carefully charted the forces at work, including the moon's influence on the lycanthropic curse and the ebb and flow of the vampire frenzies. Her curiosity eventually led her to the door of the famed astronomancer Jenrik, where she spent months poring over his countless charts and adding her own observations.</p>
			<p>Later, when Innistrad's guardian angel finally returned to the realm, Tamiyo wrote extensive theories about the angel's effects on the land, its creatures, and its moon. The nature of the Helvault, the creation of the wolfir, the appearance of the gryffs, and the origins of the newly empowered holy wards filled her scrolls with more questions than she had answers.</p>
			<p>One day, Tamiyo discovered Nahiri's work in manipulating the flow of mana on the plane. She sent Jenrik to Stensia to confirm her theories, entrusting her journal to him while she investigated the effects of the altered mana flow. After Jenrik's untimely demise, Jace Beleren found the journal, returning it to Tamiyo when he encountered her at Thraben Cathedral, where the two Planeswalkers battled Avacyn. Tamiyo witnessed the archangel's unmaking and the subsequent emergence of the Eldrazi titan Emrakul. She risked much to aid the Planeswalkers of the Gatewatch in their battle against Emrakul, and lent the power of her scrolls to help trap the titan in Innistrad's silver moon.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>