<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planes / Kamigawa</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Kamigawa</h1>
			
			<p>For many hundreds of years, Kamigawa's denizens peacefully worshipped the spirits of their world. Then suddenly their gods attacked, forcing the world into brutal war.</p>
			<p>Reminiscent of <em>sengoku</em>-era Japan, this plane contains two symbiotic worlds: the <em>utsushiyo</em>, or material realm, and the <em>kakuriyo</em>, or <em>kami</em> spirit realm. Each <em>kami</em> was a divinity, and the way to happiness was to honor these gods and live by their ways. The inhabitants of Kamigawa were content with this life of devotion. Then the unimaginable happened. Their gods turned on them.</p>
			<p>Slowly at first, the <em>kami</em> began to take form in the material world. Some scholars believed they were delivering a message or a warning. But their appearance was so alien and surreal, no true meaning could be discerned.</p>
			<p>Meanwhile, the plane's most powerful warlord, the daimyo Takeshi Konda, ruled over the Towabara Plains from his stronghold at Eiganjo. Even as his armies and samurai secured more territory in Konda's name, the <em>kami</em> manifested in ever-greater numbers.</p>
			<p>Then came the night that changed Kamigawa forever. A few miles from Eiganjo Castle, the <em>kami</em> set upon the town of Reito. Scores of spirit-world monstrosities swept through the town, killing nearly every living thing. Hundreds were slain and few survived. The Kami War had begun. Over the next twenty years, spirits of every shape and size would descend on the plains, ravaging everything in their path.</p>
			<p>Throughout this siege, Konda remained within his stronghold, mysteriously safe from harm.</p>
			<p>Kamigawa's people wondered why the <em>kami</em> betrayed them, even as they fought for survival. What had they done wrong?</p>
			<p>In truth, it was the proud daimyo Konda who had begun the war. With aid from moonfolk allies, Konda kidnapped a <em>kami</em> to secure his own power and immortality. This outraged the great O-Kagachi, <em>kami</em> of all things, igniting an ire that would claim countless lives.</p>
			<p>Only Konda's daughter Michiko and a stolen <em>kami</em>—an entity who calls herself Kyodai—have any hope of placating the <em>kami</em> and restoring a fragile peace to the land.</p>
			
			<h2>Legendary Creatures</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/KondraLordOfEiganjo.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kondra, Lord of Eiganjo</h3>
				<p>From behind the impenetrable walls of Eiganjo castle, Konda rules Kamigawa. Driven to ensure the prosperity of his kingdom, he crossed into the spirit world, bringing back immortality. This enraged the O-Kagachi, who retaliated with a spirit war against the plane's mortals.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/ToshiroUmezara.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Toshiro Umezara</h3>
				<p>This ronin samurai is driven by the desire for freedom and power. Bargaining with the myojin, he gained enough power to assist Michiko Konda in her quest to end the kami wars. Unfortunately, he quickly found himself at odds with his former partner Hidetsugu in the process.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/HeartlessHidetsugu.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Heartless Hidetsugu</h3>
				<p>Hidetsugu devoted his shaman talents to worshipping the Oni of Chaos. Believing all things shall be consumed by Oni, Hidetsugu worked to hasten this end through widespread destruction. Eventually defeated by the O-Kagachi, Oni scattered to the winds, reconstituted, and merged with Hidetsugu.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/ThatWhichWasTaken.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>That Which Was Taken</h3>
				<p>Konda bound the essence he stole from O-Kagachi in a physical disc that he kept hidden away. The O-Kagachi and kami manifested in the mortal world, slaying mortals in their hunt to find it. With O-Kagachi closing in, Toshiro performed a ritual to release the essence, which became the kami Kyodai.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/MichikoKondaTruthSeeker.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Michiko Konda, Truth Seeker</h3>
				<p>Michiko set out to stop the kami war at any cost. With the help of Toshiro, she released the spirit imprisoned by her father, Konda. Wishing only for peace, Michiko merged with the spirit to become the new guardian of the spirit-mortal barrier, finally ending the war she despised.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Societies</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/SamuraiOfTowabara.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Samurai of Towabara</h3>
				<p>These samurai dutifully protect Eiganjo castle. They ensure peace across Kamigawa by quickly silencing anyone who would dare oppose Konda. Though efficient and able to repel nearly all kami attacks, they were no match for O-Kagachi’s assault.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/MagesOfMinamoAcademy.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Mages of Minamo Academy</h3>
				<p>Under the leadership of Sensei Hisoka, scholars at the Minamo Academy research methods to defeat and pacify spirits. During the kami war, the Academy and its mages failed to repel an assault by Hidetsugu, who slaughtered all he found and summoned the Oni of Chaos to destroy the school.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/OutcastsOfTakenumaSwamp.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Outcasts of Takenuma Swamp</h3>
				<p>The outcasts of Takenuma (mostly disgraced ronin and thieves) only look out for their own safety. Many find that the easiest way to do so is to become the hired muscle for the criminal overlord of Takenuma Swamp.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/ShamanOfSokenzanMountains.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Shaman of Sokenzan Mountains</h3>
				<p>The shaman of the Sokenzan Mountains possess chilling attacks that can banish kami from the world of the living. In addition to fighting spirit invaders, they use their powerful defenses against the numerous akki and ogres that inhabit this mountain region.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/MonksOfJukaiForest.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Monks of Jukai Forest</h3>
				<p>The Jukai live in quiet reflection of nature and the spirit world around them. Calling themselves budoka, these monks have a greater understanding of the necessity for peace between mortals and the spirit world than anyone. Yet even they did not hesitate to defend themselves when the kami attacked.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Creature Races</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Spirits.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Spirits (Kami)</h3>
				<p>Kami are the spiritual reflection of a physical object in the mortal world. When kami manifest in the mortal world, their appearance is chaotic and unnatural, yet distinguishable by the small orbiting extensions of their spiritual being.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Ogres.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ogres</h3>
				<p>Bloodthirsty and brutal, these creatures secure their territory by brute force and sinister deals with Oni. In exchange for power and assistance, the ogres destroy, inflict pain, and slaughter—all to satisfy the blood pacts with their dark divine one.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Demons.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Demons (Oni)</h3>
				<p>Dark and mighty forces of chaos and destruction, the oni seek to bring about the end to all life on Kamigawa. By making blood pacts with ogres, the oni grow in power—while also giving ogres permission to slaughter indiscriminately, without mercy.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Snakes.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Snakes (Orochi)</h3>
				<p>Seldom seen outside of Jukai Forest, these fierce serpent warriors train to use all four of their arms during combat—to deadly perfect coordination. The orochi want no part in the kami war, other than to defend their territory and perhaps grow their own numbers.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Foxes.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Foxes (Kitsune)</h3>
				<p>Kitsune are the light and elegant humanoid fox creatures of Kamigawa. Quick with a blade and agile, these master swordsmen train many of the best samurai of the land. Their piety that is equaled only by the monks of Jukai Forest.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Soratami.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Soratami</h3>
				<p>Soratami live among the clouds of Kamigawa, where they watch and learn. Known for their wisdom, they frequent Minamo Academy to share knowledge—but only as a means of advancing their own secret agenda.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Goblins.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Goblins (Akki)</h3>
				<p>These creatures have hard-shell backs and elongated limbs. They mainly reside in the Sokenzan Mountains. Known for their deadly pranks, the akki are very territorial and see all of Sokenzan as their domain.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Rats.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Rats (Nezumi)</h3>
				<p>Living primarily in the Takenuma Swamp, nezumi are shifty and strike only in their enemies' moments of greatest weakness. While easily defeated in outright single combat, most nezumi utilize their natural dexterity and ninja training to strike unseen from the shadows.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Planeswalker</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/JaceBeleren.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Jace Beleren</h3>
				<p>A prodigy with a sometimes dangerous appetite for knowledge, Jace’s skills in illusion, mind-reading, and memory modification are nearly limitless as a Planeswalker.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Tezzeret.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Tezzeret</h3>
				<p>This artificer’s body is enhanced by the magical alloy etherium. Enslaved by one Planeswalker and mind-wasted by another, he continues to seek perfection of body and mind.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Tamiyo.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Tamiyo</h3>
				<p>A member of the secretive moonfolk, Tamiyo is driven to understand the Multiverse. She believes every plane holds a mystery, and she eagerly seeks to understand them all.</p>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>