<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planeswalker / Venser</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Venser</h1>
			
			<blockquote><p>"Two magi could trade spells all day and never crown a victor. The real battle is not one of power but of will. If your confidence breaks, so too shall you."</p></blockquote>
			
			<h2>Biography</h2>
			
			<p>A new breed of Planeswalker, Venser is a brilliant inventor able to think fast on his feet. He wields blue and white magic, building unique and powerful artifacts with an emphasis on teleportation.</p>
			<p>Venser came from the wasteland of Urborg on the plane of Dominaria. He lived alone in his workshop amidst the remains of warships and wreckage left from the Phyrexian Invasion of Dominaria. Using found parts from the heaps of debris surrounding his home, he built devices that could aid in teleportation.</p>
			<p>The Planeswalker Teferi sought out Venser’s help and used his devices to rapidly travel across Dominaria to help close dangerous time distortions in key locations across the plane.</p>
			<p>Venser’s talent at teleportation eventually ignited his spark, making him a Planeswalker and giving him direct access to the planes beyond the boundaries of Dominaria.</p>
			<p>Relying on his knowledge of artifice and teleportation, Venser now travels the universe, satisfying his boundless curiosity of all things mechanical along the way.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>