<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planes / Lorwyn - Shadowmoor</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Lorwyn - Shadowmoor</h1>
			
			<p>Lorwyn is an idyllic world where races of fable thrive in perpetual midsummer. Its dark reflection, Shadowmoor, exists in perpetual gloom, its citizens bitterly transformed and locked in a desperate battle for survival.</p>
			<p>Lorwyn is the land where the sun never set. Covered with dense forests, meandering rivers, and gently rolling meadows, it knows no nights or winters. One of the few planes without humans, it's populated by the short-statured kithkin, hot-tempered flamekin, petty-thief boggarts, territorial treefolk, diplomatic merfolk, iconoclastic giants, and mischievous faeries, all living together in harmony.</p>
			<p>Also among them: the elves, Lorwyn's most favored and feared race. In a world of unspoiled nature, they consider themselves the paragons of this beauty. Signs of elvish supremacy are widespread, from their gilded forest palaces to their mercilessness toward "lesser" races. Despite the elves' dominion, Lorwyn's people thrive, respecting community and tradition.</p>
			<p>The land itself, ancient and verdant, is locked in a perpetual cycle—and every three centuries, that cycle transforms the plane into Shadowmoor.</p>
			<p>The mirror-image of Lorwyn, Shadowmoor is a realm of perpetual dusk and gloom. Here, the plane's races, without knowledge of their previous selves, are locked in a life-and-death struggle for survival. Like the plane itself, its denizens are transformed into darker versions of themselves.</p>
			<p>The kithkin, once communal and cooperative, are isolated and xenophobic. The helpful, silver-tongued merfolk are now assassins and saboteurs. The boggarts, once mischievous and hedonistic, are vicious and warlike. The blighted treefolk are murderous. Wrathful giants drag around huge pieces of the land.</p>
			<p>The transformations of the flamekin and elves are perhaps the most dramatic. Once bright and seeking transcendence, the flamekin are now smoking skeletons seeking revenge. Meanwhile, the vain elves are humbled and heroic in Shadowmoor, protecting every glimmer of beauty and light.</p>
			<p>Only one race and one place remain unchanged: the faeries and their home of Glen Elendra. The fae are the fulcrum of this transforming plane—for it was their queen, Oona, who caused it.</p>
			
			<h2>Legendary Creatures</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/OonaQueenOfTheFae.jpg.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Oona, Queen of the Fae</h3>
				<p>This beautiful queen reigns from Glen Elendra, where she gives bloom to all of Lorwyn's faeries. From the safety and seclusion of her meadow, she maintains contact with all of her children, who advance her agenda with pranks and trickery.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/RhysTheExiled.jpg.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Rhys the Exiled</h3>
				<p>An accomplished commander and student to the treefolk sage Colfenor, Rhys was exiled when a battle left his appearance physically imperfect. In exile, Rhys helped Maralen unravel the mystery of the coming Aurora, in hopes that it might help him gain redemption from the elves.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/AshlingThePilgrim.jpg.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ashling the Pilgrim</h3>
				<p>A powerful and well-traveled flamekin, Ashling helped engender peace and understanding between the races. While traveling with Rhys, her fire engulfed and destroyed the yew sage Colfenor, which unbeknownst to Ashling, was exactly as intended.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/VendiltonClique.jpg.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Vendilton Clique</h3>
				<p>The energetic fae triplets—Veesa, Endry, and Iliona—cared only for fun and pleasing their queen. But their carefree lives forever changed when ordered to assist Maralen in her journey across Lorwyn. They still, however, manage to derive great fun from teasing and harassing their companions.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/SaplingOfColfendor.jpg.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Sapling of Colfendor</h3>
				<p>When Colfenor was destroyed by Ashling's inferno, it allowed his knowledge and consciousness to pass into this newborn treefolk vessel. The sapling maintained all of Colfenor's knowledge, but struggles to piece together his forefather’s motives.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/MaralenOfTheMornsong.jpg.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Maralen of the Mornsong</h3>
				<p>A beautiful and enigmatic elf, Maralen travels across Lorwyn and Shadowmoor searching for a way to control the Great Aurora. This power controls the plane’s periodic shifts between Lorwyn's perpetual day and Shadowmoor's eternal night.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Creature Races</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Kithkin.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kithkin</h3>
				<p>Living together in clachans, the kithkin are peaceful, yet protective of their own. All kithkin share a massive telepathic web called the thoughtweft, which gives them intense communal unity. During twilight periods, the kithkin became highly xenophobic, with large watchful eyes devoid of pupils.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Merfolk.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Merfolk (Merrows)</h3>
				<p>As the peaceful merchants of Lorwyn, the merrows travel the rivers trading goods or using magic to help travelers across dangerous rapids. However, during the dark Shadowmoor periods, the merrows become bloodthirsty cut-throats, eager to pillage from any settlements near the water's edge.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Faeries.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Faeries (Fae)</h3>
				<p>Tiny in size, with short lifespans, the fae enjoy learning secrets and pulling pranks on the many other creatures of Lorwyn. Obedient to their mother Oona of Glen Elendra, from which they are all born, the fae remain unchanged during the plane's shifts between Lorwyn's day and Shadowmoor's night.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Giants.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Giants</h3>
				<p>Along with treefolk, giants make up the largest and potentially wisest beings on Lorwyn. Any destruction they cause is a matter of not noticing smaller creatures underfoot, rather than malice. But during Shadowmoor times, this ambivalence is replaced with rage and rampaging destruction.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Treefolk.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Treefolk</h3>
				<p>Treefolk awaken during the Rising, when saplings gain mobility and consciousness. They are long-lived creatures known throughout Lorwyn for their patience and wisdom. However, during the plane's Shadowmoor periods, they become leafless, gnarled figures bent on avenging harm to their forests.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Elves.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Elves</h3>
				<p>Elves are the oppressive ruling force of Lorwyn. Obsessed with beauty and perfection, they see all other races as eyesores that should be purged from the land. However, during the plane's Shadowmoor period, these elves became compassionate, searching the darkness for items of grace to be protected.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Elementals.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Elementals (Flamekin)</h3>
				<p>These regal figures boast manes of constant flame. They're deadly warriors, able to unleash their fire with pinpoint accuracy. During the planes' Shadowmoor periods, the flamekins' fire is extinguished, leaving them shambling coal skeletons, searching for warmth.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Changelings.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Changelings</h3>
				<p>Born within the chambers of Velis Vel, these creatures live apart from one another, with no apparent culture of their own. They mimic physiques in an attempt to integrate with other races, but are easily detected and driven off, thanks to their typically glutinous appearance.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Goblins.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Goblins (Boggarts)</h3>
				<p>To these goblins, life is all about experiences. Living in tribes led by an "auntie," boggarts vary wildly in appearance, though most are relatively short and wild-eyed. During Shadowmoor periods, their looks become more feral... and their carefree tricks more deadly.</p>
			</div>
				
			<h2>Planeswalker</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/AjaniGoldmane.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ajani Goldmane</h3>
				<p>This leonin albino outcast wields spiritual white magic. Once driven by vengeance, he now focuses on purifying and healing, for the good of all people and planes.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/JaceBeleren.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Jace Beleren</h3>
				<p>A prodigy with a sometimes dangerous appetite for knowledge, Jace’s skills in illusion, mind-reading, and memory modification are nearly limitless as a Planeswalker.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/LilianaVess.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Liliana Vess</h3>
				<p>Beautiful, cunning, and ambitious to a fault, Liliana Vess is quietly becoming one of the Multiverse’s most magnetic dangers. She wields the blackest of magic: necromancy.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/ChandraNalaar.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Chandra Nalaar</h3>
				<p>Impulsive, passionate, and short-tempered, this fire mage is as ready to explode as the pyromantic spells in her ever-growing repertoire.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/GarrukWildspeaker.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Garruk Wildspeaker</h3>
				<p>This beast summoner was cursed by fellow planewalker Liliana Vess, tainting his green spells with black. Now he’s a predator on the hunt for brutal revenge.</p>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>