<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planes / Theros</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Theros</h1>
			
			<p>Theros is ruled by an awe-inspiring pantheon of gods. Mortals tremble before them, feel the sting of their petty whims, and live in terror of their wrath. It is a plane where barbaric, cave-dwelling minotaurs descend on wayward travelers. Giants stalk the land, drawing strength from the terrain on which they tread. At sea, massive krakens prowl its depths, and sirens lure its sailors to their demise. Yet amid such colossal perils, mortals have found a way to endure, and it is here that the hero's mantle is raised highest.</p>
			<p>Not only have the mortals endured, they have managed to thrive, for Theros is also a plane where civilization is protected behind the walls of great poleis, each city-state a bulwark against the raging monsters that roam the more savage places of Theros. Meletis, the polis of learning, progress, magic, and devotion to the gods, is a testament to the achievements of civilized humanity. It is hemmed in by vast golden wheat fields and the Siren Sea, and defended by the Reverent Army. In the polis of Akros, martial prowess is held in the highest esteem. Akroan warriors have reached near-mythic status throughout Theros. The imposing cliff-top fortress of Akros lies at the center of a network of outposts that serve to protect the rest of Theros, a fact that comforts many Therans. Setessa, the isolated polis surrounded by concentric rings of forest, is fiercely independent. Strong bonds connect its inhabitants, and all in Setessa share a veneration of nature.</p>
			
			<h2>Legendary Creatures</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/KydeleChosenOfKruphix.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kydele, Chosen of Kruphix</h3>
				<p>Kydele serves as the primary oracle to Kruphix, Theros's enigmatic god of horizons and mysteries. For Kydele, there is no greater virtue than seeking and facing the truth. From her seat at Kruphix's temple, Kydele has seen truths that would unravel the minds of lesser mortals. Kruphix revealed to Kydele the true nature of the gods and Theros's place in the Multiverse, a sight she can never unsee.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/KynaiosAndTiroOfMeletis.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kynaios and Tiro of Meletis</h3>
				<p>A vast region of Theros was once ruled by the tyrant Agnomakhos, an immortal archon. Until one day, Kynaios and Tiro, joined by their love for one another and for freedom, rose to challenge him. The people rallied to their cause, and Agnomakhos was defeated. The polis of Meletis was founded on the ruins as a beacon of freedom and enlightenment, and Kynaios and Tiro became its guardians.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/RavosSoultender.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ravos, Soultender</h3>
				<p>As an oracle of Athreos, the god of passage, Ravos knew the fleeting nature of life. Even so, watching his beloved perish in battle was too much for Ravos to bear. He bargained to help Athreos guide the dead to the Underworld in exchange for seeing his dead lover once each year. Now, Ravos plots his beloved's rescue, and secretly defies Athreos by escorting the dead back to the land of the living.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/ThrasiosTritonHero.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Thrasios, Triton Hero</h3>
				<p>Thrasios is a triton, one of the few living alongside humans in the massive coastal polis of Meletis. Believing he possesses the divine sanction of Thassa, god of the sea, Thrasios has left his home and embarked on a pilgrimage to explore the ocean's depths. He claims to have visited the ruins of the fabled polis of Olantin on his most recent expedition, though few believe him.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/TymnaTheWeaver.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Tymna the Weaver</h3>
				<p>Tymna is one of the few mortals on Theros to have mastered the magic of the Fates. She once served among the Battlewise of Meletis, an order that takes pride in winning battles through tactics, not force. Her career was cut short by a chariot accident that left her blind. Now, she meticulously twines the strands of destiny, the threads vibrating beneath her fingertips as her machinations play out.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/AthreolsGodOfPassage.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Athreols, God of Passage</h3>
				<p>When mortals die, their souls must cross the Rivers That Ring the World to reach the Underworld. The shrouded god Athreos is their guide, ferrying the dead to their ultimate rest. Silent, bent, and tattered, he patiently fulfills his role.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/EpharaGodOfThePolis.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ephara, God of the Polis</h3>
				<p>Ephara is the god of city-states and building. It is believed that her presence keeps a polis safe from beings of the wild; when a marble building or stone wall is erected, some representation of Ephara's face is almost always included.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/ErebosGodOfTheDead.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Erebos, God of the Dead</h3>
				<p>Wielding a gold-handled whip, Erebos rules the underworld and all who suffer misfortune. His content with his own fate offers hope and guidance to all those who desire peace, yet fight their destiny.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/HeliodGodOfTheSun.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Heliod, God of the Sun</h3>
				<p>Wielding his sun spear, Heliod radiates light upon all of Theros. The embodiment of daylight, he oversees disputes, bringing truth and justice to all. But do not be deceived: Those who raise his ire are dealt with quickly and severely.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/IroasGodOfVictory.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Iroas, God of Victory</h3>
				<p>The beacon of glory in combat, Iroas takes the form of a muscular, centaur-like being. He governs both personal valor and bravery in battle, and thus he also governs warfare. He is twin to Mogis, god of slaughter, who commands the dark and brutal side of war, and the two spar constantly.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/KarametraGodOfHarvests.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Karametra, God of Harvests</h3>
				<p>Karametra is the god of the harvest, hearth, and protection. She is a serene, wise god who values community, stability, and the balance of nature. As such, she is strongly associated with Setessa, where worship of her is strongest.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/KeranosGodOfStorms.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Keranos, God of Storms</h3>
				<p>Keranos embodies the fury of the storm and the sudden blaze of epiphany. A god of little patience and less mercy, he dispenses insights and blasts of lightning in equal measure.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/KruphixGodOfHorizons.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kruphix, God of Horizons</h3>
				<p>The most enigmatic of the gods, Kruphix has dominion over the potential, the distant, and the unseen. Thus, he is seen as an oracle of dreams. He also governs navigation, mystery, and the cycles of time.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/MogisGodOfSlaughter.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Mogis, God of Slaughter</h3>
				<p>Mogis, the dark twin of the god Iroas, is the horned god of wrath and pain. Both Mogis and his brother govern the domain of war. Sadism, revenge, malice, domination—these are Mogis's spoils, and he has no shortage of worshippers.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/NyleaGodOfTheHunt.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Nylea, God of the Hunt</h3>
				<p>Wielding a legendary short bow, Nylea rules over the hunt and seasons of Theros. The most aloof of the gods, she spends much of her time in a calm olive orchard surrounded by peaceful solitude. While not primarily worshiped, any who hunt pay their respects, for fear of being hunted themselves.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/PharikaGodOfAffliction.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Pharika, God of Affliction</h3>
				<p>Pharika is the keeper of apothecary knowledge, the source of dark magic. She is also the mother of all gorgons, and their snaky bodies resemble hers.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/PhenaxGodOfDeception.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Phenax, God of Deception</h3>
				<p>Phenax is the god of cheats and liars. He governs gambling, deception, betrayal, isolation, planning, and secrets. He is worshipped by criminals and others who wish to subvert the rules.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/PurphorosGodOfTheForge.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Purphoros, God of the Forge</h3>
				<p>Wielding a massive hammer called Akmon, Purphoros oversees chaos and destruction as well as the craftsmanship of unique creations. Swift to anger and often frustrated by the limitations of his mortal followers, he will destroy a masterwork, if for no other reason then to inspire advancement.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/ThassaGodOfTheSea.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Thassa, God of the Sea</h3>
				<p>Wielding her legendary bident, Thassa rules the sea and all secret knowledge that has been lost to it. Any who travels by ship—no matter how brief a journey—must make an offering or risk her displeasure. Though she often appears as a triton, Thassa does not favor them over mortals or other creatures.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Poleis</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Akros.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Akros</h3>
				<p>The polis of Akros is carved into a mountain. Here, the fiercest of Theros live. These warriors prove themselves unparalleled, generation after generation. Most of them diligently travel the countryside, ensuring the safety of the land’s roadways.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Meletis.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Meletis</h3>
				<p>Scholars and those who wish to better understand Theros gather in Meletis. Filled with temples to every god, Meletis is the civilized sister to its Akroan and Setessan counterparts. Its well-trained standing force, the Reverent Army, is rumored to augment brute force with spells.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Setessa.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Setessa</h3>
				<p>On the edge of Nistos Forest is the matriarchal polis of Setessa. Populated primarily by women, the safety of Setessa and her children is valued above all else, including territorial conquest or even personal advancement.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Creature Races</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Centaurs.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Centaurs</h3>
				<p>The centaurs have formed two distinct bands. The Lagonnas are merchant travelers who peaceful trade and seek to live in harmony with those around them. The Pheres are wandering nomads who raid for what they need and hunt wherever they venture.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Gods.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Gods</h3>
				<p>Powerful and immortal, the gods of Theros exist to rule their domains and watch over the mortals who worship them. The gods live within the starfield of Nyx, which accompanies them (in part) when they travel Theros.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Merfolk.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Merfolk (Tritons)</h3>
				<p>Tritons revere Thassa and resent the humans, who defile their seas by fishing and sailing. That’s why they’ve resorted to raiding the costal regions. Able to spend days out of water, merfolk simply need to keep their gills moist to prevent permanent damage from the atmosphere.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Minotaurs.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Minotaurs</h3>
				<p>Although they are among Theros's races, for all intents and purposes they are monsters, seeking only mayhem and meat, killing each other when they're not killing humanoids of other races. Brutish and barely sentient, minotaurs do not revere any gods. Their divine guides are destruction, brutality, and blood—all in the name of conquest and fun.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Nyxborn.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Nyxborn</h3>
				<p>Created by the gods, nyxborn are a wild assortment of creatures that all contain the essence of Nyx within. They don’t require sustenance and spend their lives carrying out the wishes of the gods who made them. Nyxborn are identifiable by the same starfield appearance that the gods cast in shadow.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Satyrs.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Satyrs</h3>
				<p>Always in good spirits and eager to celebrate, satyrs welcome all to their festivities… as long as guests have no desire to leave. Since they see life ending with a journey to the underworld, satyrs choose to spend every second alive in a wild jubilation, needing no other reason then being alive.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Zombies.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Zombies (Returned)</h3>
				<p>On Theros, anyone who dies goes to the Underworld. But not all stay there. Those who return have found a way to cheat Erebos and escape. In masks of gold, they return to Theros with all their old skills, yet no memory of who they once were.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Planeswalker</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/ElspethTirel.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Elspeth Tirel</h3>
				<p>White knight of community and fortification, Elspeth left her embattled homeland in search of a new place to call home.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Xenagos.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Xenagos</h3>
				<p>Xenagos is renowned for his satyr charisma and ability to whip revelers into a frenzy. But where will his endless pursuit of pleasure lead?</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Ashiok.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ashiok</h3>
				<p>Ashiok terrorizes foes with their darkest, most closely guarded nightmares. Ashiok delights in fear mongering and reducing superior beings to quaking cowards.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/AjaniGoldmane.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Ajani Goldmane</h3>
				<p>Ajani Goldmane is torn between his leonin ferocity and his sense of justice. He was born on Naya and became an outcast within his own family, an albino leonin never accepted by the rest of his pride.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/Kiora.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kiora</h3>
				<p>The merfolk Planeswalker Kiora believes that only by summoning the fierce krakens, serpents, and other terrors of the deep can she defeat the titans who now rule her home plane of Zendikar.</p>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>