<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<link href="../../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
		<title>Planes / Shandalar</title>
	</head>
	<body xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:type="bodymatter">
		<section epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="chapter">
			<h1>Shandalar</h1>
			
			<p>Abnormally mana-rich, Shandalar is a place where magic flows freely: from the wilds of Kalonia and the kingdom of Thune to the shadows of Xathrid, the peak of Valkas, and the remote Evos Isle. It was once home to the Onakke, an ogre civilization adept at using the plane's abundant mana to craft artifacts of terrible power. Now the inhabitants of this unusual plane must combat the growing hive mind of the slivers, an ever-evolving race that threatens to consume their world.</p>
			
			<h2>Legendary Creatures</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Jalira.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Jalira</h3>
				<p>A cunning polymorphist, Jalira often funds her research by adventuring across Shandalar for riches, although she isn't above using her skills to rob from those she feels deserve it. She often travels with the adventurer bard Yisan, sharing a common fascination with unique creatures and easy money.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Kurkesh.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kurkesh</h3>
				<p>Little is known of the Onakke, and less is known of Kurkesh. Some travelers daring enough to pilfer Onakke ruins might meet their end at this vengeful spirit's hands. An archeologist who survived the ogre's ghost found evidence that Kurkesh might have been a powerful artificer in ancient times, who poured dark arcane energy into his various creations.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Riku.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Riku</h3>
				<p>A mighty mage, Riku of Two Reflections had two passions: the study of spellcraft and the study of life. The mage could never choose, but had no time to master both. Through an ancient illusionist's spell, he found the solution: he secretly split himself into two reflections, and each Riku trained and studied for years in his chosen field. Today, Riku is hailed as a master of both disciplines, and few know his secrets. The reflections never stray far from each other and, when danger threatens, enemies face the power of both Rikus.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/SliverHivelord.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Sliver Hivelord</h3>
				<p>A fearsome tyrant lurking deep in the Kalonian Wilds, surrounded by thousands of slivers, the Hivelord controls his hive. Even distant sliver colonies feel the Hivelord's call. This ancient sliver can seemingly amass a terrifying army, although his hive has made no move or act of aggression outside of the Wilds.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Talrand.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Talrand</h3>
				<p>A merfolk hydromancer who brokered a deal with drakes to end the tyranny of dragons around Kapsho Sea. In exchange for his help defeating an ancient dragon, the drakes now serve Talrand as he protects Kapsho Sea as his kingdom.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Yisan.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Yisan</h3>
				<p>A bard by trade, he uses his own form of music magic. Yisan strums his lyre, Tolumnus, and is able to tame the fearsome beasts inhabiting the wilds of Shandalar. Yisan often uses his skills to fill his pockets, though on occasion he and his adventuring partner, Jalira, have been known to perform acts of kindness on their journeys.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Famous Locations</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/ElorenWilds.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Eloren Wilds</h3>
				<p>A land of riotously overgrown fields of wildflowers and other flora, Planeswalkers covet control over locations like the Wilds due to their high concentration of mana. Innocuous though they may seem, the Eloren Wilds harbor dangers to spellcasters: magical barbed vines that can quickly tighten around a human-sized object and "lose" it forever.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/EvosIsle.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Evos Isle</h3>
				<p>A mysterious island far from trade routes, it is protected by swift and formidable aven. They enforce the will of the sphinxes who rule the Isle.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Kalonia.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kalonia</h3>
				<p>A massive forest well known for its massive beasts and savage wurms. Ancient paths crisscross Kalonia, most invisible to the naked eye, as they are overgrown by the jungle. But to the trained eye, these paths can be seen and used. The paths belonged to the ancient civilization of the Onakke, a long-since-vanished race of ogres.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/KapshoSeas.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Kapsho Seas</h3>
				<p>The waters off the coast of Martyne, the major coastal city of Mistral Isle. The Seas are the realm of Talrand, a powerful merfolk hydromancer who controls the drakes native to the area.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Lesh.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Lesh</h3>
				<p>A city that is a cesspool of corruption, thievery, and murder. Some say it is named after a mysterious and evil god that founded the city centuries before. Lesh is situated along one of Shandalar's most vital trade rivers, and is ruled by merchant guilds and a crooked city guard.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/OnakkeCatacombs.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Onakke Catacombs</h3>
				<p>An overgrown site that was once the center of an ancient ogre civilization that stretched through much of what is now the Kalonian Wilds. It is in these catacombs that Liliana battled Garruk Wildspeaker while searching for the Chain Veil, an artifact of incredible power.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Thune.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Thune</h3>
				<p>A nation run from the ancient capital city of An Karras. Their knights roam the plains proselytizing and crushing evil wherever it lurks.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('Images/Valkas.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Valkas</h3>
				<p>The tallest mountain peak on Shandalar, surrounded by a range of lesser mountains. Home to dragons, Valkas is also sought out by fire mages seeking to learn at the foot of the plane's volatile source of red mana.</p>
			</div>
			
			<h2>Planeswalker</h2>
			
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/LilianaVess.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Liliana Vess</h3>
				<p>Beautiful, cunning, and ambitious to a fault, Liliana Vess is quietly becoming one of the Multiverse’s most magnetic dangers. She wields the blackest of magic: necromancy.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cmp-list-item">
				<figure style="background-image: url('../Images/GarrukWildspeaker.jpg');"></figure>
				<h3>Garruk Wildspeaker</h3>
				<p>This beast summoner was cursed by fellow Planeswalker Liliana Vess, tainting his green spells with black. Now he’s a predator on the hunt for brutal revenge.</p>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>